--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/215-Decay.html
layout: post
title: Decay
date: 2005-12-22 11:19:28 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/215-Decay.html
categories: 
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>I thought of writing and gathering evidence of decay which has started since fractions of the populace has become more distinct. My plans for the release of such documentation be when my tenure with the school finally ends. However, given certain changes in circumstances as of late, the date has to be pushed back by another two years.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Fear not though for I am not the only one who has noticed. Fustration can only amount to a certain point before Hell breaks lose or nothing prestigious is left.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The repeat of history is bound to happen; those in power are either silent or muted. Those that have absolute power refuses to see what needs to be seen, even in denial of the very facts presented.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p><del>The very succinct and rather accurate observations that I&#8217;m willing to back up, I present you <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/thefascist.wordpress.com/2005/12/20/acs-in-decay/']);"  href="http://thefascist.wordpress.com/2005/12/20/acs-in-decay/">this write-up</a></del>.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>At least, from the first comment within the above-mentioned text, I&#8217;m glad that this will go not unnoticed and I believe that certain adjustments would occur in good faith, however minor the ways may be.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I hope the façade would crumble or the internals grow from strength to strength, re-filling the void that has enlarged over the years of inapt care.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>Of course, in all things, &#8220;<sup>24</sup>This is the day which the LORD hath made; we will rejoice and be glad in it. <sup>25</sup>Save now, I beseech Thee, O LORD; O LORD, I beseech Thee, send now prosperity.&#8221; - Ps 118.</p></p>
