--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/92-Robots.html
layout: post
title: Robots
date: 2005-06-23 09:27:09 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/92-Robots.html
categories: 
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>In a few days time, the robot manufacturing process is about to resume. Factories that had stopped, begin their operations; those that didn&#8217;t, remained in operation. The robots are soon to be sent back to these factories to be further enhanced.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>In a few months time, a batch of robots would be sent for quality control tests and thus factories, together with engineers, work overtime, attempting to bring the quality of their products to the acceptable national average, or to match their previous achievements. Some factories in fact, have their own quality control systems.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Last year, the Ministry of Robot Production gave the go-ahead for a highly experimental manufacturing process, for the batch of robots which are of higher quality. In order to be deemed higher in quality, stringent selection citeria must be met as not all robots are made/treated equal. This new manufacturing process by-passes the ordinary nation-wide quality control tests.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The ordinary quality control tests requires candidates to posess basic reasoning skills and no more. The ability to think for oneself is frowned upon in private but praised in public (note the irony). The candidates also had to posess &#8220;simulated&#8221; creativity. Furthermore, answers to the questions have to be in a certain structured manner, as though the the assessment of the test is done by brain-less, overworked, robots. Some of the test-variables are even sent overseas to be assessed, usually within a short period of time.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Without sufficient time for proper and detailed assessment of test-variables, one cannot expect the ordinary quality control test to even pass a quality control test, not to mention, to yield fair results.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>To add on to this further, the assessment methods, though are published, are rarely revealed. Assessment is done opaquely, most of the time. This certainly violates any transparency requirements of any intelligent human beings. Oh wait.. robots are robots; they aren&#8217;t subjected to humans&#8217; rights, right?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Rest assured, life is definitely unfair, robot or human.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>With multiple manufacturing processes running in parallel, the resources and engineers of factories thus begin to be stretched thin. Highly qualified engineers would be transfered to building and tuning the new manufacturing process, as compared to further enhancing the quality of robot firmwares in the current mainline production process in preparation for the quality control tests coming up really soon.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Nevertheless, life is always unfair; a loser always exist when there is a winner. Right?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>With the taxpayers funding this entire manufacturing process, I doubt if any overhead matters at all, as long as they don&#8217;t see it right?</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>However, I&#8217;ve heard that the owners of a certain group of robots and the robots themselves aren&#8217;t delivered the goods as agreed upon previously and as advertised. In other words, I think they got conned.</p></p>
