--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/82-Grey-Day.html
layout: post
title: Grey Day
date: 2005-06-01 20:39:19 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/82-Grey-Day.html
categories: 
- life
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>As I was travelling on the train, I saw many interesting sights, some are truly unique to Singapore.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>There was this person with ear phones but I could hear his music from where I was seated (which is across the carriage). I am bound to go deaf after prolonged exposure to this person. I pity the people sitting next to him to have to subject their ears to such horrible torture.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The noise from the tunnel soon replaced the &#8220;music&#8221;.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>On my way home, the Singaporean traits of courtesy have been exhibited once again. People rushing into trains, as if there&#8217;s a million dollars to collect, and that no body on the train needs to get off.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I don&#8217;t understand....how much time can one save by being uncivilised? Probably 3 seconds? I know that every second could mean life &amp; death, but is one&#8217;s unruly existance be worth more than one&#8217;s death? We don&#8217;t need more self-centered people, do we?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>There are also groups or organizations, stationing their members at high human traffic areas, trying to sell their &#8220;donation&#8221; coupons. The disturbing thing is that these apparent &#8220;donation&#8221; coupons rarely state their causes but never fail to print their prices. Furthermore, one would never fail to see &#8220;attractive&#8221; incentives printed on these expensive coupons.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>Is the money really going to be spent on causes which the &#8220;donation&#8221; coupons sellers claim or would it be another revenue source for that organization?</p></p>
