--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/222-Next.html
layout: post
title: Next
date: 2005-12-31 17:59:28 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/222-Next.html
categories: 
- life
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Oh my, it&#8217;s almost the new year. To sum up how this transition is felt, it is said that &#8220;the crossover from 31 to 1 in two words: over commercialised&#8221;. About how 2005 went, I love this quote the most, &#8220;GG 2005, next round in 7 hours!&#8221;.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>As for me, this year had been the most eventful and unpredictable year that I&#8217;ve ever experienced. And as the saying goes, next year would be &#8216;worst&#8217;.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Well, many would put up their resolutions for the new year and others would talk about their accomplishments of this year, however, I don&#8217;t think I&#8217;ll do such as there&#8217;s hardly any point in putting up resolutions and they&#8217;ll be lost by the time the next 365 days have past. As for accomplishments for this year, the list is long and putting it up would not be the most humble thing to do; same goes for the failures.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>On this 217th post, it&#8217;ll would be my last post for the year of 2005 and I hope you, readers, have had a wonderful time reading my not-so-high-quality posts and as such, I&#8217;ll see to it that the post quality would improve as the days go by.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>In short, congratulations for living through the past 365 days and may your next 365 day be a learning and fruitful journey in time to come.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Meanwhile, I find it pointless to &#8216;celebrate&#8217; the new year countdown as seriously, what is there to celebrate? It&#8217;s just a change in calanders and a reminder of how persistant school is.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>For all your software travelling and portability needs, check out <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/portableapps.com/apps/internet/browsers/portable_firefox']);"  href="http://portableapps.com/apps/internet/browsers/portable_firefox">portable Firefox</a> by <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/portableapps.com/apps']);"  href="http://portableapps.com/apps">Portable Apps</a>.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>Happy New Years Eve!</p></p>
