--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/105-School.html
layout: post
title: School
date: 2005-07-14 20:51:00 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/105-School.html
categories: 
- life
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>The fifth installment of the Harry Potter series would be released in two days time and I&#8217;ve yet to place an order for a copy. I hope that the pre-order discounts still prevail; saving $9 for lunch would be nice.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I feel that the pace of school has slowed. The teachers seem to have slacked off and that the work load has been drastically been reduced. The stress levels has dropped to new-year levels. To sum it up, <em>BAD</em>, especially when the prelims are like 5 weeks away and literally staring at my face. Something muct be done and done fast.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I&#8217;ve another thing to add to my hate/loath list - Everything-revolves-around-me people. They have absolutely no respect for the fact that they live in a populated world and that everything thing does not revolve around them. Seriously, before one becomes Kind, or God for that matter, I believe that every decent person should be treated with decent respect.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I somehow feel that the generation of people around me, seems to be more selfish and/or self-centered that before. Could this be due to the effects of the over emphasis on exams or the <i>kiasu</i> attitude?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Imagine a few decades later where charities almost cease to exist. Everyone is out to get everyone; world of &#8220;isolation&#8221;. I hope it&#8217;s just some bad dream and it&#8217;ll stay a bad dream.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Lately, I have found people more interesting, especially proxy mind games and remote manipulation. This is where the oponents attempt to outsmart, out think and second guess each others&#8217; move. It&#8217;s like chess without a chess board and gamespace.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>Now, the number of people whom I&#8217;ve encountered tend to behave behind a mask is on the rise. Masks that change according to situations and thus rarely revealing their true identities. With such a facade, seeing through it would require a much larger sample size for analysis than ever. Theories or hypothesis would also be much less accurate and be much harder to prove.</p></p>
