--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/93-Initial-D.html
layout: post
title: Initial D
date: 2005-06-23 17:17:00 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/93-Initial-D.html
categories: 
- Movies
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Went to watch Initial D with my family today. For sake of those who have yet to watch it, I shall refrain from revealing too much. However, the ratings from the Straits Times review isn&#8217;t too far off from mine.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Fans of the anime/manga won&#8217;t be too pleased. The relationships between the characters are protrayed differently. It&#8217;s forgivable that they&#8217;d dropped some people, given the already high production cost, but the fact that parts of the storyline is completely rewritten, is unforgivable. Modifying the storyline to such an extent might bring a different impression to the new comers of Initial D. Moreover, the stunts aren&#8217;t perfect.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>What made it even worse is that the show is in Chinese! This removed all possible come backs. Should it be in Japanese, I would be sure to like it a little more.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Apart from the bad stuff, this piece of silver screen work does make a rather good attempt in replicating the non-living matter of the anime/manga. Fans should be able to enjoy the &#8220;coming-to-live&#8221; of the drawings in the first hour of the show.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I feel that it&#8217;s just the strange storyline and the way they&#8217;d protrayed the characters irked me.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>In all, I believe that Harry Potter on the silver screen did or will do a better job in replicating storylines. Therefore, my rating of this movie, Initial D, is 3 upon 5.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I might be over critical. I guess I deserve to be locked into the world of anime.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>Oh yeah, I forgot to mention. Try spotting the &#8220;mistakes&#8221;. Not in terms of storyline, but in terms of the set. I won&#8217;t say what, but if you&#8217;re interested, visit <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/www.moviemistakes.com/']);"  href="http://www.moviemistakes.com/">movie mistakes</a>. Rest assured, I&#8217;ve managed to spot a few.</p></p>
