--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/190-Fruit.html
layout: post
title: Fruit
date: 2005-11-25 22:14:50 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/190-Fruit.html
categories: 
- life
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Visited SiTEX (with Jon) and looked at worthless stuff. The only thing that was neat or in order was the Apple Booth. Asked about the 0% interest installment scheme for the 15 " powerbook. $156 per month for 24 months. Quite affordable, at least, cheaper than school fees.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>Dialogue with sales-person (S) and Me (M):-</p><p class="break">S: It&#8217;ll come up to about $155 a month for 24 months.</p><p class="break">M: Wow. It&#8217;s cheaper than school fees.</p><p class="whiteline">S: Er.. In Singapore, no need to pay school fees, right. Can pay for more than a few years worth of MoE fees.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Yep. Not if you&#8217;re in ACSi without MoE sponsorship.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Then, Went to SLS today to help Greg buy a new comp. The same one (almost) as yesterday&#8217;s. Got the shop to build the machine (for $10).</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Visited another authorised Apple Retailer at SLS. That sales man remembered me, and told me that the stock for the Mac Mini has <i>just</i> arrived, and if I want him to reserve one. Of course, with O level results still a few months to go, I just told him that purchases await results. Actually, more appropriately, if I could sell my current comp. But given that radically new Mac Minis are to be released in a few months time, it&#8217;ll be a sound decision to be patient to avoid regrets.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>After collecting the built machine, went to his house to get the OS installed with drivers and the wifi network.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Went home then; thanks for the ride Greg!</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>This <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/jokerus2001.blogspot.com/2005/11/absence-of-trust.html']);"  href="http://jokerus2001.blogspot.com/2005/11/absence-of-trust.html">article</a> is quite interesting.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>I&#8217;ve found that I adapt to the opposite party&#8217;s style of speech whenever I talk to them for sufficient amounts of time, i.e. an hour.</p></p>
