--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/35-The-Last.html
layout: post
title: The Last
date: 2005-03-20 16:30:04 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/35-The-Last.html
categories: 
- life
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>The start of this Day, thus marks the end of the &#8220;real&#8221; March Holidays of 2005. It also marks the end of all holidays in 2005 as I begin to prepare myself for the up and coming hurdles of examinations and life with people.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Tuesday&#8217;s with Morrie had been a good read for me. In fact, I think it&#8217;s the best book that I&#8217;ve so far in my life. It taught me alot of things, like how to live life the way it should or in the most worthy manner as one could only live once.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Here I am now, &#8220;rushing&#8221; through Homework and what-nots, with plenty of people bugging me on unimportant stuff like how to upload files and why SCV blocks port 80. However, despite the amount of work, I still find pleasure in listening to people speak. It brings my brain back to life. I find myself less brain-dead, when more thought provoking ideas or incidents appear.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>One thing to note that incidents at school are rarely thought provoking... but with exceptions though.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I was told and agree that one learns only 10% from textbooks. Everything else from someone or experiences.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>So, this makes me wonder... Why were textbooks even invented in the first place? They aren&#8217;t cheap and I think notes issued by teachers would suffice. I&#8217;m sure many would do as well without textbooks. Those who know me would know that my textbooks are almost brand new even after a year... So? Yes... I have to admit that I didn&#8217;t put in 100% effort into every &#8220;examination&#8221; nor work and thus never getting a 100% score.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>I do believe however, I would do well in my &#8216;O&#8217;-levels.</p></p>
