--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/124-Google-Talk.html
layout: post
title: Google Talk
date: 2005-08-25 22:22:57 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/124-Google-Talk.html
categories: 
- computers
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Having used it for almost a day, I think it&#8217;s time that I&#8217;d write something on it. It gets a score of 4 upon 5. The one point deducted for not having file transfers and group conversations. On the other hand, even though it&#8217;s in Beta, the stability and reliability is worth mentioning. This Beta product is definitely more stable than MSN Messenger which is already at version 7.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>With a tiny 900kb download, one is equiped with full-fledged comminication capabilities, without the unnecessary frills. No bloat, no clutter, you see is what you need. It even has the inline buddy search feature that I think every decent IM client (MSN Messenger excluded) should already have (Gaim does).</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The operates very well with other clients too. This gets my praise (which is usually hard to get). This afternoon, I&#8217;d used Gaim with Google Talk and found them chatting together in a rather friendly manner. What&#8217;s more, multiple login sessions/instances are not disabled (as per Jabber). This allows a user to be signed in at multiple locations. With a laptop and a desktop, one might find it more convienent to be signed in at both machines than to sign in and logout as and when one moves from station to station. Whenever someone were to message you, the message will appear on <em>both</em> clients. Subsequent responses would be directed to the current active and responsive one, no chance of evesdropping on the other instance.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>As for the chat window, it&#8217;s light and clean with absolute no frills. At the top, there are only 2 buttons (more if you&#8217;re in a live chat). Email and Call. Email fires up gmail and call connects to the other party for a live call, via microphone and speakers. It&#8217;s highly compact. Even the input box resizes dynamically based on the length of the message to be sent. Simple text formatting, like <em>bold</em> and <i>emphasis</i>, are triggered via &#8220;email syntax&#8221;. This makes seasoned email users well at home. The best part of all is that the minimum size of the chat window is really small, freeing up precious screen estate where dual LCD monitor setups are very costly. Another cool feature is that conversation windows can be &#8220;rolled up&#8221;; Linux people would know what I&#8217;m talking about. Furthermore, logs from the previous conversations are automatically prepending to the new conversation window, making the recall of previous topics a breeze.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The voice calls feature is also excellent. Despite my tight firewall, it is alble to work out-of-the-box and flawlessly. The voice quality is comparable to skype and it&#8217;s very bandwidth efficient. Streaming a video concurrently doesn&#8217;t affect the voice quality either.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>There are many more nifty features that are best left to the user to experience, as my (poor) English might spoil their worth.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>So, if you&#8217;re still not convinced, give <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/talk.google.com/']);"  href="http://talk.google.com/">Google Talk</a> a try and I doubt if you&#8217;d regret it. It&#8217;s only a 900kb download.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Henceforth, my preferred IM communication, formally ICQ, would now be Jabber / Google Talk. For MSN Messenger users, my gmail contact would be my current passport address with hotmail.com replaced with gmail.com.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>For those who do not already have a gmail account, and would like to have one for Google Talk, feel free to contact me via email for one. Remember to use concise and valid subjects.</p></p>
