--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/21-A-Maths.html
layout: post
title: A Maths
date: 2005-02-16 16:30:31 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/21-A-Maths.html
categories: 
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>A. Maths... Angry Maths? Annoying Maths?... Don&#8217;t get me wrong... I don&#8217;t hate the subject. It&#8217;s just the person between the desk and the whiteboard. It&#8217;s quite annoying. My friend has come out with the rate-of-change formula for the amount of teaching vs the amount of scolding vs the number of passes during an A. Maths lesson.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>It&#8217;s quite interesting. In layman&#8217;s terms, it&#8217;s grossly, &#8220;teach for 10min, nag for 20min&#8221;.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I don&#8217;t understand what is there to nag at. Are we being too &#8220;impatient&#8221;? Or too fast? or too slow?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Listening to a GEO&#8217;s lesson should be largly the choice of a student, <em>NOT</em> the will of the teacher. If some people don&#8217;t listen, I don&#8217;t see the point of stopping and nagging about the fact that the class is very very behind time and that we need to speed up, when we aren&#8217;t gonna listen to it anyway. It&#8217;ll just put those who were listening off. If had the nagging not take place, there wouldn&#8217;t be time wasted in telling us what we&#8217;d already knew.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>What&#8217;s wrong with teaching on the whiteboard if the handwriting is legible and flows logically (left to right)? Who cares which method one uses when one teaches when the lesson is interesting? The fact that the lesson is deemed interesting, I think it&#8217;s a success on the part of the person between the whiteboard and the desk.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Mutual understanding? or mutual exploitation for peaceful co-existance?</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>Oh well... I can only watch how this goes... Is there a poem by the lines of the Worst is yet to come?</p></p>
