--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/55-MYE-Day-3.html
layout: post
title: MYE - Day 3
date: 2005-05-04 19:16:07 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/55-MYE-Day-3.html
categories: 
- life
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Today was a long day for me.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>First up, was the NSW (New South Wales) Science Competition for Schools. Woah... I&#8217;ve got to admit that I&#8217;ve become more stupid as of late as I needed to think for some of the questions in that paper. When I say think, I mean the usage of brains to conjure up a reasonable solution to questions with brain neurons.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Then, half an hour after the collection of the above mentioned paper, it&#8217;s time for English Paper 2. A blessing in disguise. 6 out of 10 questions there required the usage of &#8220;your own words&#8221;. Which means, your vocabulary needs to be of a certain standard and that you need to know the style to answer such questions. Furthermore, the passages (2) were all about Tibet which protray China a an evil and colonizing country. I pity the Cheena Scholars.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>After the 1 hour and 40 minutes, it&#8217;s time for a break... finally.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Spent the short 40 minutes &#8220;break&#8221; trying to memorise some properganda, which I have to admit that it&#8217;s very difficult especially when it&#8217;s illogical and very shallow.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The Social Studies, or more accurately know as Properganda Studies, paper began. The SBQ (Source-based Questions) were about the Singapore&#8217;s Educational System. SEQ (Structured Essay Questions) were on 1) Singapore&#8217;s Merger/Separation, 2) Conflicts relating to Ireland and 3) Singapore&#8217;s Aging Population.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Well, of course, being the person who cannot remember things well, decided to do question 1 for SEQ. I&#8217;d chosen questions related to question 1 for every S.S./P.S. exam since Secondary 3 Class Test 1. I estimate that this would be my seventh essay, within the last year, relating to the separation and merger of Singapore with Malaysia.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>At last, the last paper of the day is over. Time of dismissal: 1.45pm.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>But, I still have NPCC Day Rehersal to attend at 3pm.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>After the few rehersals, I can confidently say that NPCC is all but ready for the Day. So, we have little choice but to pray for rain to fall heavily on Friday Morning at 7pm.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>Went home at 5.30pm after the long rehersal.</p></p>
