--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/91-I-saw.html
layout: post
title: I saw
date: 2005-06-21 00:58:11 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/91-I-saw.html
categories: 
- life
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>I&#8217;ve realised that I&#8217;m not stupid afterall... It&#8217;s just that I haven&#8217;t been making good use of my intelligence. I haven&#8217;t blogged for a long time, at least 5 days, but be assured, I was just looking for inspiration during this period of silence. So, what&#8217;s that is left for me to write, is to write about how I can&#8217;t come up with something to write about.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Lately, I&#8217;ve seen unpleasent sights. I just don&#8217;t really understand. Why is the element of time so powerful? It&#8217;s capable of toying with us complex humans into a state where the rarely documented happens, i.e. complete opposite of what advertisments try to protray.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The very happiness is getting rather difficult to find. As I pour through blogs in a fruitless attempt to prove myself wrong, I&#8217;ve stumbled past many posts to the effect of &#8220;Why is life not perfect?&#8221; and &#8220;I am in deep shit&#8221;. Further variations available but those two are the most prominent and general ones. So far, after the meny years on the net, I&#8217;ve yet to read anything along the lines of &#8220;I&#8217;m very happy with my life and that I need nothing more&#8221;.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Was life as such years back? Or is it just this generation? Or maybe, is it due to the widespread connectivity, like the internet, where thoughts can be expressed easily and without bounds, in terms of geographical area and time requirements, where it shows that almost everyone is equally screwed? Well, if almost everyone self-declares screwed, then what exactly is screwed? Dysfunctional lives seem to be a norm for many people that I&#8217;ve observed. Everyone has their own story... I&#8217;ve only seen the cover.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>To be able to accurately read a book, through its cover, with only its cover, is something that I&#8217;d long to achieve. I think it&#8217;s instrumental to mind-reading (of a certain degree).</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>What exactly is happening around? The very strengthening of the importance of personas? Or the tolerance? Of the lack thereof?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>If everything that I&#8217;ve seen thus far are in a miniature form, I cannot imagine what I would see, a decade of so later, assuming that the end of the world has yet to arrive then. The movies speak of the end; the earth speak of the end; the bible speak of the end; but not everyone seems prepared or is willing to be prepared for it. We do, don&#8217;t we?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I&#8217;ve realised that the endless pursuit of knowledge is not exactly useful should the human emotions still remain unsolved. The key to everything lies in those emotions. Not quantifiable nor qualifiable. Abstract. Just like the $6,000,000 piece of work by Cy Twombly.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Afterall, I&#8217;ve learnt that many do share my sentiments... just that they are differently expressed - &#8220;We don&#8217;t like the way the world is now, and neither likely, the future&#8221;.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>On a lighter note, I just can&#8217;t wait to watch the live version of Initial D and the fansub of the final 2 episodes of Stage Four of the Initial D anime.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>That&#8217;s about all that I want to say this morning... It&#8217;s way longer than my essay on Prejudice. On hindsight, I think openmindedness is very important, and that blogging has improved my English - to a large extent.</p></p>
