--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/81-Music.html
layout: post
title: Music
date: 2005-05-30 11:13:16 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/81-Music.html
categories: 
- computers
- life
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>I&#8217;ve finally got a chance to sort my Music Collection. Woah.. It&#8217;s really in a huge mess. Folders don&#8217;t do the job at all. Music catalogue software required, just to locate and rate decent songs.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Well, Madman and Windows Media Player (surprisingly) performs quite well in this music management area. Simple music managers really don&#8217;t make it, mainly due to the fact that my music collection lives on my network and is never local to any computer. Furthermore, I&#8217;ve 3 computers, all with roaming profiles. I demand that the music catalogue be updated on-the-fly, doesn&#8217;t scream on the fact that all music is on the network and plays smoothly no matter how slow my connection (WiFi) happens to be. Oh yah, auto playlists are also a must.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Oh and, I got this nice album, Beautiful Soul by Jesse McCartney; finally something that I really like.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>It has suddenly dawned upon me that time is running out. Something has to be done and done now.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Is the purpose of live to have fun, or is fun part of it? I&#8217;ve seen cliques, with the sole intent on existance for the purpose of creating &#8220;fun&#8221; for themselves, usually at the expense of others. It makes me wonder, what all these mean. Happy memories to dwell on in future? or just simply, the lack of substantial activities to do. Well, maybe the point is to enjoy first then think later? Would that be better or easier?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>On the other hand, is the advancement of technology a good thing? It does reduce the amount of time required to do something as compared to the lack of it, and meanwhile, increasing quality (questionable). Will there be a time when the amount of time required be so low that the limiting factor becomes the speed of light or the speed in which we can comprehend changes and/or ideas.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Would it then be too late? With the increase in the pace of work, there seems to be less time for peace. With the power of ecomomics, more and more of one&#8217;s time would be spent working, whether he is on a vacation or not. Would this then be a cause for death rates or other medical issues?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Is this really for the benefit of mankind or is it a plan to eventual destruction? I hope for the former.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>To all those talking the Chinese O-Levels, all the best!</p></p>
