--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/109-Test.html
layout: post
title: Test
date: 2005-07-29 20:37:15 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/109-Test.html
categories: 
- life
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Oh gosh. I haven&#8217;t posted for almost what seemed like an age but yet seemed so short. Disaster. Within a few conscious blinks of my eyes, I see that another week has passed. The prelims are closing in so quickly but the engine(s) has yet to be oiled, much less started.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>My studying timetable is <em>still</em> in the planning stage and I&#8217;m so dead. My &#8220;todo&#8221; file is 1 inch thick and weighs 3 kg... I&#8217;m in deep trouble.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I&#8217;m losing weight too. Since the June holidays, I&#8217;ve lost 3kg and my sleep has gone down by 30%. Health? This better not be a precursor to early death.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Looking at my exam timetable, the heavy subjects are usually grouped in one day and light subjects tend to stand alone. Annoying.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>&#8220;Live each day one at a time&#8221; and &#8220;Begin with the end in mind&#8221;, which is more correct or appropriate?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>With all these burdensome examinations, young minds are almost always busy with committing large amounts of text and information into memory instead of dreaming up of innovative inventions. The time spent to just complete homework should be sufficient to invent or develop something useful for our community.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I still think that Science subjects for Secondary levels can go even deeper as the depth that&#8217;s currently being taught now would be quickly and inefficiently superseded when JC comes. A greater depth would reduce the amount or &#8220;perception&#8221; correction and relearning.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Well today, I had 2 tests although there were 4 scheduled. The Geography and Chemistry tests are laughingly simple but tricky. The question look simple but detailed reading and thinking would be required to produce a <em>correct</em> answer. Producing answers which one <em>thinks</em> that it&#8217;s correct is fairly easy too. Therefore, I believe that the ultimate skill in tackling tests or examination is careful reading followed by dynamic knowledge. The ability to derive acceptable answers from knowledge, or the lack thereof, is a plus to have.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The modern world is bad. The expectations of society has risen to such a height that 20 over years of a youth&#8217;s life had to be spent in preparation for it. However much of it would thus be lost after the &#8220;preparation&#8221;. So, that&#8217;s left to enjoy or prepare for for that matter?</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>&#8220;School should not be preparation for life, it <em>IS</em> life&#8221;. Anyone agrees?</p></p>
