--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/301-Lies.html
layout: post
title: Lies
date: 2006-05-01 10:13:25 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/301-Lies.html
categories: 
- life
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>As I read more quotes from both the opposition and the incumbent, I find that the latter tend to be lying through their teeth. Things like opposition running away from the &#8216;real&#8217; issues. Hello!? Who&#8217;s the one blowing up the James issue? Such a small thing such as forgetting to submit a form can become headlines in news papers and has his party deemed dishonest, etc. Isn&#8217;t this going too far? Where are the real issues of the nation, i.e. full time MPs, lower MP salaries, more affordable healthcare and unemployment, being discussed?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Have a look at <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/rockson.blogspot.com/2006/05/singapore-election-coming-time-to-fuck.html']);"  href="http://rockson.blogspot.com/2006/05/singapore-election-coming-time-to-fuck.html">talking rock&#8217;s take</a> on this issue. PG-13 advised.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>What&#8217;s more, in a First World country, judiciary and government, taping voice conversations on the phone is <b>illegal</b>. Since such things can happen here, then we aren&#8217;t, like what the ruling party says, a First World country nor have a First World government, nor a have <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/singabloodypore.civiblog.org/blog/_archives/2006/4/30/1922765.html']);"  href="http://singabloodypore.civiblog.org/blog/_archives/2006/4/30/1922765.html">First World judiciary</a>.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I always support sportsmanship. One that plays by the rules fairly to win a competition, is deemed a winner. I find it absurd that they dare to declare that they have majority ground support when they are the only ones in the race. What&#8217;s the point of racing against nobody? It means that you&#8217;re better than nobody?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Not to mention, CNA has been completely useless in its election coverage. I think bloggers such as <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/yawningbread.org/']);"  href="http://yawningbread.org/">yawning bread</a>, <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/sgrally.blogspot.com/']);"  href="http://sgrally.blogspot.com/">sgrally</a>, <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/singaporeelection.blogspot.com/']);"  href="http://singaporeelection.blogspot.com/">singaporeelection</a> and <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/electionrally.blogspot.com/']);"  href="http://electionrally.blogspot.com/">electionsrally</a> can do much better. Got video coverage somemore.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>From this <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/singabloodypore.civiblog.org/blog/_archives/2006/4/30/1921724.html']);"  href="http://singabloodypore.civiblog.org/blog/_archives/2006/4/30/1921724.html">post</a>, I quote (emphasis mine):-</p>
</p><blockquote><p class="break">...</p><p class="whiteline">In that way, Singapore and its supposed democracy is no different in spirit and intention to what is on display in Laos. Opposition voices in Laos have been denied a space to argue their case in the April 30 elections for the country&#8217;s 119-member national assembly, being held a year ahead of schedule.
</p><p class="whiteline">&#8220;The people of Laos have no right to present their independent and opposition party&#8217;s ideas,&#8221; Wangyee Vang, secretary general of the U.S.-based Laos National Federation for Peace, Democracy and Prosperity, said on the group&#8217;s Web site soon after the Communist Party of Laos, which has run the country since 1975, announced plans for the April poll.
</p><p class="whiteline">In February 2002, during the last elections for the Laotian national assembly, all but one of the 166 candidates were from the ruling party.
</p><p class="whiteline"><b>The Paris-based Reporters Without Borders (or RSF) ranked both Singapore and Laos among the bottom 20 of 167 countries reviewed in its 2005 survey on the right to free expression, a cornerstone of any democracy. While Singapore came 140th, Laos was the 155th. The ranking was similar the year before.</b>
</p><p class="whiteline">...
</p><p class="whiteline">&#8220;The political system here [Singapore] is as fair as you can find in any country in terms of your being able to stand up, to have a view, to organize, to mobilize and participate, and not need a lot of money or lot of power to get moving,&#8221; Lee was quoted by The Straits Times, a government-controlled daily, this week. &#8220;You just need good people and passion, and you can win.&#8221;
</p><p class="whiteline"><b>He will have to do more than that to convince the Alliance for Reform and Democracy in Asia, an organization of democracy activists, which has given Singapore a failing grade in its <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/www.asiademocracy.org/content_view.php?section_id=11&amp;content_id=586']);"  href="http://www.asiademocracy.org/content_view.php?section_id=11&content_id=586">2005 Asia Democracy Index (ADI)</a>.
</p><p class="break">&#8220;Singapore ranks second from the bottom, just one place higher than Myanmar (Burma),&#8221; states the index, which studied the climate for civil rights, elections, governance, media, rule of law and public participation in 16 Asian countries. These included Japan, Bangladesh, the Philippines, Thailand, South Korea, Cambodia, Pakistan and Malaysia.</b></p></blockquote><p>
</p><p class="break"><p>I wonder.</p></p>
