--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/330-Stores.html
layout: post
title: Stores
date: 2006-06-11 23:02:49 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/330-Stores.html
categories: 
- computers
- life
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Yesterday, together with my friends, we found ourselves in iShop 21. I have to say that the shop is a nice attempt in matching up to Apple Store standards. Sadly, there&#8217;s only 1 black Macbook on display and it&#8217;s always hogged by people who &#8220;want&#8221; to buy it. Didn&#8217;t have a chance to have a feel of it. The blackness of it makes it look like a regular PC laptop from far though, but the Apple logo stands out even further for it.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>One thing for sure, their demonstrations of the Airport Airtunes was rather good for those who bothered to notice; the Cinema displays are beautiful too.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Earlier in the day, we found ourselves in the National Library. That is a beautiful place (especially the reference areas). It&#8217;s one of the best places to study; free internet, great air-conditioning, great ambience for peace and close to empty tables.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Along the way, there are bottled-drinks dispensers and interestingly, the number of bottles (seem to be arranged in) descend(ing order) from the left to the right. It is said that one could get 3 bottles for the price of the last should a correct technique be applied.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>There&#8217;s one thing that I&#8217;ve learnt that quite amazed me. SkypeOut costs only S$0.04/min to all major destinations. That sort of explains how telephone companies manage to offer similar yet low prices for international calls - the Internet.</p></p>
