--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/348-Vendetta.html
layout: post
title: Vendetta
date: 2006-07-06 21:38:37 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/348-Vendetta.html
categories: 
- life
- thoughts
---
<p class="break"><div style="background: black;">The severity of the issue has finally weighed onto me after my afternoon nap. Reading the (400 and counting) comments left at Mr Brown&#8217;s post, I can&#8217;t help but feel sad and helpless, and at the mercy of stupid people. The very people who remain submerged within an illusion.</p><p class="whiteline">This is not the way for Singapore in this 21st century. People&#8217;s intelligence are not meant to be insulted with such degree.</div>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>V, from <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/www.imsdb.com/scripts/V-for-Vendetta.html']);"  href="http://www.imsdb.com/scripts/V-for-Vendetta.html">V for Vendetta</a>, said something interesting:-</p>
</p><blockquote><p class="whiteline">Good evening, London.
</p><p class="whiteline">I thought it was time we had a little talk.
</p><p class="break">Are you sitting comfortably? Good.</p><p class="whiteline">Then I&#8217;ll begin.
</p><p class="whiteline">Right now, I imagine there are hundreds of soldiers rushing here to kill me because someone does not want us to talk.
</p><p class="whiteline">They are afraid that I am going to say the things that are not supposed to be said.  They are afraid that I am going to say the truth.
</p><p class="whiteline">The truth is that there is something terribly wrong with this country, isn&#8217;t there?  If you look about, you witness cruelty, injustice and despotism.  But what do you do about it?  What can you do?
</p><p class="whiteline">You are but a single individual. How can you possible make any difference?  Individuals have no power in this modern world. That is what you&#8217;ve been taught because that is what they need you to believe.  But it is not true.
</p><p class="whiteline">This is why they are afraid and the reason that I am here; to remind you that it is individuals who always hold the power.  The real power.  Individuals like me.  And individuals like you.
</p><p class="whiteline">I have come to offer you a deal. If you accept, I will give you a different world.  A world without curfews, without soldiers and surveillance systems.  A world that is not run by other men but that is run by you.  I am offering you a second chance.
</p><p class="whiteline">Four hundred years ago, a great citizen made a most significant contribution to our common culture. It was a contribution forged in secrecy and stealth although it is best remembered in noise and bright light.
</p><p class="whiteline">To commemorate that glorious night at precisely the stroke of midnight, the edifice of their world will erupt with enough sound and fury to shake the earth.  All I ask is that you join me at the gates to watch as the past is erased, the pathway cleared so that together we can start toward a new day.
</p><p class="whiteline">But, you ask, who am I to make such promises?  A fair question but hardly necessary as you know me already.  To know me any more you need only look to a mirror.
</p><p class="whiteline">Truth be told, this wasn&#8217;t even my idea, was it?  If you think back, you&#8217;ll remember that night, whispering in your lover&#8217;s arms.  I became a part of your plan just as you have now become part of mine. Give me the line of the queen and I&#8217;ll give you your secret dream.
</p><p class="whiteline">On the twelfth stroke of the fifth day of the eleventh month, I hope we shall all meet again.
</p><p class="break">Until then, I bid you goodnight.</p></blockquote><p>
</p><p class="break"><p>After all, the Wachowski brothers certainly can write and think well into a screenplay; Alan Moore&#8217;s best.</p></p>
