--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/338-Show.html
layout: post
title: Show
date: 2006-06-27 22:02:32 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/338-Show.html
categories: 
- life
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p><!-- This is the first time in my life witnessing a CEO telling employees off before thousands of customers. It looks worst than Bill Gates' non-responsive Windows Media Centre presentation. Though I agree that punctuality is important, feel the need to highlight external factors affecting punctuality. --></p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>This morning, I arrived before the junction of North Bona Vista Road and Dover Road at 7.14 am. By the time I walked past the gates of the driveway, it was 7.27 am. Using simple mathematics, it took me approximately 13 minutes to travel through Dover Road and based on my rough estimation, the stretch of road is barely 1 kilometres long. The problem is that the time taken to walk along this road and the time taken for cars to travel along this road is roughly the <em>same</em>. Hence, there&#8217;s nothing people can do to jump the traffic and save time. By the way, I&#8217;m already leaving my house 20 minutes earlier compared to the time I did 3 years ago. Despite the departure time adjustment, I only managed to arrive at about the same time, sometimes later. Next year, 30 minutes earlier, compared to 3 years ago, might barely make the cut; surely, this is not conducive in any way. Something needs to be done; we can&#8217;t be leaving our houses earlier and earlier every year and yet just arriving in time.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Interestingly, adventure told me that the traffic condition is just as bad at 7.05 am.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Think of it as a bottle with a narrow neck. The more liquid water one attempts to squeeze in, the longer the time it takes. By bringing forth the time required for the bottle to be filled by, and yet at the same time increasing the volume of the water to be filled makes it a very tight situation.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>&#8220;Start filling it up earlier,&#8221; I hear some of you think.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Well then, I tell you, it&#8217;s not that easy. Put it this way. In days of yore, the timeframe that people start arriving is between 6.50 am to 7.35 am. However, with new limitations currently, the timeframe remains, albeit with the ending time merged in, i.e., 6.50 am to 7.25 am. With simple mathematics, one can easily tell that in order to fit a greater volume in shorter amount of time, the rate of flow has to be increased. However, the road is still 2 lanes wide and the drop off point is only along the bus stop and/or the roundabout.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The problem with the roundabout is that the rate of flow there is limited by the traffic light at the junction of the driveway, governed by the traffic light.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>If I hear you respond with, &#8220;alight by the bus stop,&#8221; I can safely tell that you 1) don&#8217;t take bus; 2) never alighted along the bus stop at the said timeframe; 3) don&#8217;t realise that it&#8217;s a bus stop and not a car stop; 4) have never seen the traffic situation there; 5) live in the boarding school; 6) don&#8217;t know what danger is.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Strangely, a feasibility study was indeed conducted before and the it recommended 7.40 am as the optimum time for assembly then (> 4 years ago). Were the recommendations thrown out of the door and reversed? Or maybe in the first place, there wasn&#8217;t such a study?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>However, instead of complaining and commenting all the time, I have decided that suggestions must accompany. The solution is quite simple but it requires a lot of paper work and possibly money.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>We are blessed that Dover Road is long and ample distance is available before major traffic junctions. A long but simple drive-thru, a la taxi stand or bus bay style, also used in ACS (J), preferably with shelter, and at least 5 car lengths, be constructed slightly after the bus stop. This is theoretically possible should enough support and elbow wrenching be done. This eliminates the need for a traffic light bottle neck and will allow buses and cars to stop at respective areas. Also, with the length of approximately 5 cars, slightly more than 7 cars can be cleared at every (drop off) interval. This will eliminate the haphazard and dangerous drop off methods currently employed at the current bus stop; any single accident, major or minor would definitely cause traffic to come to a standstill, making the situation worse.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>If not, a dedicated left-turn lane (widen a part of the road) into the driveway and longer (left and exit) turning green times where at least 20 cars can zoom in or out might help. This only works if every car that enters the compound drops off wherever.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>This would roughly equate to 65 cars cleared every 2 drop off intervals.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>But then again, I can bet that these suggestions would never be implemented.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Confirmed. The new ties in this exchange was a crest without the Boss trademark. Material is slightly different but the only consolation is the width that is narrower.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>I&#8217;ve a bunch of links in my outbox folder that I&#8217;d like to share but I&#8217;m too tired to post it here now. Maybe tomorrow. I&#8217;ll see how my P.E. period at noon goes.</p></p>
