--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/337-Audit.html
layout: post
title: Audit
date: 2006-06-26 21:34:36 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/337-Audit.html
categories: 
- computers
- life
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Today is certainly the most saddening school reopening day. Perhaps saddening is an understatement. We had an amusing shareholder&#8217;s meeting at the most inopportune time. Surprisingly, it took quite a while before the audience realised that the intended target audience of the report was incorrect. I was taken aback when we were told that over 95% of people surveyed were happy about the establishment, or something to that effect. The main question was, what survey? The few years ago, probably 2 years, top secret survey conducted in the computer labs? Haven&#8217;t half the population that did the survey have disappeared by now?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Following, the donation announcement was rather amusing. &#8220;You <em>will</em> put a donation into the envelope&#8221;.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The auditorium was badly designed at best. I have to sadly say that the characters on the stage cannot be seen clearly from the circle seats. Maybe I&#8217;m just one of the 74% people who have myopia in this country. What&#8217;s really wrong is that the auxiliary screens are too high up; even people seated on the last row consider the screen too high and out of sight, defeating their intended purpose. Throughout the whole meeting, I was pondering how a live camera system could improve the situation, but there wasn&#8217;t anywhere that the cameras can be mounted such that the speaker can be seen clearly. Even if there&#8217;s a place, it is unlikely that the broadcasting server can be sited there with direct video connection to projectors. Terrible design. Nothing much can be done without large amounts of money. In short, professionals need to be called in.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Overall, it is the first time I&#8217;ve felt the establishment degrade so much in such a short time. I was told that a large number of staff left for good.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Adventure and I were chatting in the afternoon and he told me that the ties are to be swapped for another set which apparently had the crest, without the Boss trademark. This makes me wonder why. What&#8217;s wrong with <em>genuine</em> Boss ties?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Looks like I&#8217;ll wait and see.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>This thing called education really exhausts me. Upon arriving home from school, I&#8217;m so tried that I&#8217;m unable to do much work. I find my mind in a state of low-power, not enough energy mode.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I shall call for divine intervention.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>Postscript: We came to the conclusion that most National UYO people (no offence intended; exceptions present) tend to be more simple minded.</p></p>
