--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/276-Dimmer.html
layout: post
title: Dimmer
date: 2006-03-21 22:31:20 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/276-Dimmer.html
categories: 
- life
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><div style="background-color: black;">It feels so empty. It feels so heavy. It feels so weak. It feels like the structure has lost its main drive train. After all, a lit candle held in the wind is bound to go off; it&#8217;s only a matter of time. Soon, the flame would be thoughtlessly relit and everything goes back to normal. But, the moment of darkness would still remain within the affected hearts. The hole and hollowness; nothing can fill nor repair the damage. Now, the ball is in the court of the greatest enemy and friend, time.</div>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>When the news of a new timetable was announced, I was somewhat amazed. The PR done wasn&#8217;t good at all and it made matters worst than not having a PR at all. In essence, it was proved to us that trust must be measured. Politicians cannot be trusted; neither can sales(wo)men.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>There&#8217;s this story that I&#8217;ve heard from ryluna which is quite meaningful.</p>
</p><blockquote><p class="break">it&#8217;s a story of a man who made a bet with his friend</p><p class="break">that he would stay locked up in a room for 7 years</p><p class="break">and the bet was the friend&#8217;s fortune</p><p class="break">estimated to be around 10 billion</p><p class="break">so the friend agreed</p><p class="break">thinking this man cldnt do it</p><p class="break">solitary confinement for 7 years</p><p class="break">the man&#8217;s only request was that he be treated to his friend&#8217;s library</p><p class="break">so began his ordeal</p><p class="break">he sat in a small room</p><p class="break">out in the open</p><p class="break">and his friend would bring him a book each day</p><p class="break">after 2 years the man wrote a note requesting his friend to bring professors of languages</p><p class="break">and he would write a literary essay of 5000 words</p><p class="break">and if the essay was of acceptable standard</p><p class="break">his friend wld fire a gunshot</p><p class="break">he wrote the essay in 64 different languages</p><p class="break">and the gunshot was heard</p><p class="break">so the man continued to read</p><p class="break">everything in his friend&#8217;s library</p><p class="break">he mastered maths</p><p class="break">science</p><p class="break">langauges</p><p class="break">he learned about geog</p><p class="break">understaood the hist</p><p class="break">and finally settled on philosophy</p><p class="break">in his sixth year</p><p class="break">the friend</p><p class="break">anxious of losing his fortune</p><p class="break">decided to take a peek late one night</p><p class="break">he opened the door</p><p class="break">and saw his friend</p><p class="break">like a zombie</p><p class="break">overgrown hair</p><p class="break">the place was musty</p><p class="break">and it was just disgusting</p><p class="break">he stepped out immediately</p><p class="break">thinking</p><p class="break">perhaps ill come to a truce with him</p><p class="break">the following day was the last day</p><p class="break">and his friend</p><p class="break">i mean the man</p><p class="break">just before dawn broke</p><p class="break">was seen running out of the room</p><p class="break">his friend being curious</p><p class="break">went into the room</p><p class="break">saw a note there</p><p class="break">which read</p><p class="break">i have mastered the main languages of this world</p><p class="break">i have with me the knowledge of science and the aesthetics</p><p class="break">i read about how great men rise and fall because of one thing</p><p class="break">greed and wealth</p><p class="break">or rather 2 heh</p><p class="break">and now i finally realised</p><p class="break">what i want isnt ur riches</p><p class="break">within my soul lies a burning desire to learn more</p><p class="break">and thus i run away today</p><p class="break">breaking the bet that we had 7 years ago</p><p class="break">signed .. your friend</p></blockquote><p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>And so is the concept of innocent idealism, innocent cynicism, knowledgeable cynicism and knowledgeable idealism, from the great magician.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>Today&#8217;s ToK lecture was surprisingly awakening. I mean, it&#8217;s a ToK lecture, conducted in the CPA and the number of people sleeping is the lowest that I could have ever imagined given the conducive environment. In fact, at a certain moment in the middle of the lecture, everyone is wide <em>awake</em>. And no, no eagles are around preying at vulnerable victims. Hence, I have inconclusively come to a conclusion that the number of students sleeping in a given lecture is largely dependent on the lecturer, and not entirely due to the environment and the student himself.</p></p>
