--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/296-Bing-GO.html
layout: post
title: Bing-GO
date: 2006-04-20 23:15:19 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/296-Bing-GO.html
categories: 
- life
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Something that I&#8217;ve been found which might back my observation (3 years ago) up that the school is not entirely receptive of &#8216;suggestions&#8217; for improvement is found <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/jokerus2001.blogspot.com/2006/04/mr-sean-choo.html']);"  href="http://jokerus2001.blogspot.com/2006/04/mr-sean-choo.html">here</a>. Wonderful!</p>
</p><blockquote><p class="break">Ok, you tell us that we can leave the school if we dislike any part of it.</p><p class="break">...</p><p class="whiteline">Ok, so we leave school. Then, why the heck did we have a prefect council which listened to the need of the students and subsequently proposed ideas to the senior administration for positive/negative changes to ACS(I)? Why the heck are IB students campaigning for student council positions (Apart from prestige >_>) and why is there a student council in the first place? To listen to the students and propose ideas! Why is there a suggestion box outside the ex-admin office? For people to place ideas for the higher authorities to read and ponder on the feasibility of said suggestion! Why is it empty?
</p><p class="whiteline">Beats me.
</p><p class="break">Actually, no. Either it&#8217;s because the student body is far too apathetic to care about whatever things happen to them, good or bad. The other possibility is that the authoritative body has failed in making themselves approachable to the students. Or there&#8217;s the actual reason of it being placed in a stupid area. Though I&#8217;m inclined, of course, to believe all three and any other logical reason.</p></blockquote><p>
</p><p class="break"><p>Haha, I wonder what&#8217;s next.</p></p>
