--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/295-Woshy.html
layout: post
title: Woshy
date: 2006-04-20 20:07:59 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/295-Woshy.html
categories: 
- life
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>My sincere gratitude to all of you who filled up the quick and short survey. 72 responses within 3 days is amazing, considering that no trees were abused in this process.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Today was council voting. As votes are confidential, I shall not list my choices here but I would list the criteria on which I&#8217;d based my choices on.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Firstly, on the name list, I&#8217;d mentally rank the candidates in descending order of capability (experience and thought processes). All unknown candidates would be ranked equally, right above those incapable. I would then fine tune this list, moving people who&#8217;d said the right things up and pushing people who said the wrong things down to the bottom of the list. This list would thus look: capably ranked and/or said the right things, followed by unranked, and incapably ranked and/or said the wrong things.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Hence, I would then negative vote the bottom five, positive vote the top 6 ranked candidates (unknown candidates are unranked). Friends, classmates and people who made correct attempts in promoting themselves with appropriate stated visions get on the list too.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>So, if you&#8217;ve made a correct pitch to me to get you voted, you&#8217;re in. If your CV is posted and its contents are decent, you&#8217;re in. Otherwise, you&#8217;re not on my voting form (positive vote area).</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Good Luck!</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>I&#8217;ll be leaving for Shanghai tomorrow night; blog would be on a hiatus for a week or so and do not SMS me unless it&#8217;s urgent. If you need anything, let me know before tomorrow.</p></p>
