--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/274-Rates.html
layout: post
title: Rates
date: 2006-03-17 16:26:03 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/274-Rates.html
categories: 
- life
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>I was at my favourite hair stylist when I saw this chart pasted on the door:-</p>
</p><blockquote><p class="break">Students:-</p><p class="break">Primary: $8</p><p class="break">Secondary: $10</p><p class="break">JC/Poly/ITE: $12</p></blockquote><p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>It made me wonder which category do I exactly fall under. Secondary or JC. It was a difficult question to answer as I do not want to lie or cheat in anyway. After much reasoning, I settled for the secondary category because in theory, I&#8217;m studying in a Secondary school, being treated like a secondary school student and what&#8217;s more, being called a year 5 student (year 5 is equal to secondary 5, <i>right</i>?) and having to endure file checks. JC privileges such as &#8216;optional&#8217; lectures, keeping my hand-phone on during school hours, and longer hair lengths doesn&#8217;t apply to me either.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>However, it gets really weird when I go onto year 6 next year as I don&#8217;t think there&#8217;s any student who needs 6 years of progressive education to complete his secondary school education.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The only difference is that I may or may not be allowed to enter a local university after graduation in year 6, pending yet-to-be-changed university admission criterion.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>This got me thinking even further. After almost 10 years of &#8216;official&#8217; education, what have I really learnt that would keep me alive in the hostile and broken-down society?</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>Nation before community and society above self?</p><p class="break">Family as the basic unit of society?</p><p class="break">Community support and respect for the individual?</p><p class="break">Consensus, not conflict?</p><p class="whiteline">Racial and religious harmony?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I don&#8217;t see how English, Chinese, Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, or even <i>Social Studies</i>, etc, can help me in anyway. After all, based on what I were to have learnt, I wouldn&#8217;t know how to manage my finances, set up a business, tackle office politics, understand law, do practical work, cook, et cetra. The closest practical thing that I&#8217;ve picked up from school is the method of sweeping floors thanks to weekly duties. But wait, that&#8217;s not even in the syllabus.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>So, what exactly is the use of our education? Don&#8217;t get me started on the A-Levels, or the IB for that matter. Polytechnics ironically is the most practical and really in reality prepares one best for university education, contrary to what they say about the A levels.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>It just doesn&#8217;t make sense nor cents.</p></p>
