--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/249-Accounts.html
layout: post
title: Accounts
date: 2006-02-06 18:42:53 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/249-Accounts.html
categories: 
- life
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Results this Friday, what a thrill.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Another shocking thing that I&#8217;ve learnt this morning was that my school fees for the first two month was due: $900. Two things came into my mind. Firstly, screw up in the accounts department. Secondly, there went my recess.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>In short after &#8220;communicating&#8221; the gross error to them (accounts department), they got all defensive and <em>assumed</em> that I wasn&#8217;t qualified and didn&#8217;t hold the letter for the ESIP-P thingy. Things and tone changed only after I got the letter from my bag and &#8216;presented&#8217; to them. To my utter disgust, the problem was due to a miscommunication between their cubicle and the one opposite them, separated by a 0.5 metre aisle. The problem was then amicably settled. Another serious incompetence was that all non-IP students need to redo their GIRO; such was not mentioned during the orientation briefings, in fact on the contrary.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>So, that&#8217;s how they win &#8216;organisational&#8217; best-practices awards, eh?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The funny thing was that the lady had the audacity to <em>suggest</em> that my parents pay the full $900 (instead of $134) first and the school would do the refund later. Given their attitude and the way they handle disputes, I think it&#8217;ll be better for me to hang onto the $766, in case I can&#8217;t get it back. Especially when payment means the creation and binding of the contract; it might be too late to argue.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>3 essays due tomorrow and I&#8217;m glad I did the ToK one (Knowledge vs Belief) during the 1-hour lunch break given to swimming competitiors.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>When you&#8217;re bored, check out this <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/happycitizen.blogspot.com/2006/02/potong-pasir-residents-get-lucky.html']);"  href="http://happycitizen.blogspot.com/2006/02/potong-pasir-residents-get-lucky.html">elections are here</a> post and <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/blog.guykawasaki.com/2006/01/the_art_of_recr.html']);"  href="http://blog.guykawasaki.com/2006/01/the_art_of_recr.html">the art of recruitment</a>.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>I somehow love the phrase, &#8220;It&#8217;s messy to the untrained eye&#8221;.</p></p>
