--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/260-Beats.html
layout: post
title: Beats
date: 2006-02-22 20:53:23 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/260-Beats.html
categories: 
- life
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p><i>Nickelback - All The Right Reasons - Far Away</i></p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>English lessons have since become a more stressful subject, owing to the fact that I&#8217;ve got a lot to catch up, and that big moma is rather pressurising, or so I heard. The two due-in-5-days-time commentaries are of little consolation either.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I need some form of brain tickling entertainment; I&#8217;m really bored.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I find that SLR photography is intriguing. The concept of many small yet important parts make up a whole camera; from the lenses to the flash to the body, should any be not of sufficient quality or form, will reflect blatently upon the symphonic composition.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Now that they&#8217;ve got the tablet pcs, the question would be when will the first be stolen. However, given the setting where everyone of them have got one of those, it would be pointless for them to steal, unless it&#8217;s one of the uppers who have gone low enough to nick one for themselves.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Still, the darth sidhe did say the right things, &#8220;it is progressing in a way that is different from the stated aims of its earlier leaders&#8221;. With a certain adjustment in some areas of the skeleton, it seems like things have improved, or that I haven&#8217;t been feeling the waters and have lost touch. Maybe, this is just a ripple effect of incompetence; leadership certainly makes or breaks a group.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>For strength, we pray.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Had a Chinese speech today and to my pleasure, it was easily tackled despite not having a solid topic nor a decent script. With just-in-time translation and occasional pre-translated English notes on a piece of paper, it just happened.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The problem with just-in-time translation of English to Chinese is that their sentence structures are rather different or reversed and that the full comprehension of a sentence in English is required before one can start speaking in Chinese. If not, you will find that you would need to frequently retract the first few Chinese words that you&#8217;ve said and rearrange them.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>So, the best solution is to read and comprehend faster or to have a larger buffer which would require a certain degree of multitasking before a live audience.</p></p>
