--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/235-Mix.html
layout: post
title: Mix
date: 2006-01-14 15:19:14 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/235-Mix.html
categories: 
- computers
- life
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>I&#8217;ve learn quite a lot of non academic stuff this week. From operating the mixer to how live digital video streaming work; from new MacBook Pros to ways to qualify boredom.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I&#8217;m just amazed by how a sound mixer works. Manipulation of sound signals via equalizers and all with little knobs and sliders. Makes me wonder what lies beneath all these.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>At least, I know that the non-assessment parts of B&amp;M and ToK are quite interesting, with the former being more useful than the latter, but useful nonetheless.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>With the launch of the &#8216;Budget Terminal&#8217;, I no longer have any faith in any &#8216;name-this-place&#8217; competitions. After spending tons of money in a rename Marina Bay competition, we end up with Marina Bay. This time, after a competition to name the budget terminal, we ended up once again with &#8216;Budget Terminal&#8217;. I really have to take my hat off to these guys; I think it&#8217;s only in Singapore that one can find such amazing/amusing trends.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Speaking of the budget terminal, it makes me wonder if jetways are that expensive to operate. Thanks to the budget terminal, it reminds me of those backward and traditional PRC airports where passengers have to battle with rain or shine to get into the terminal from the planes.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>What made my eyebrows disappear up my fringe is that the ST has published articles on &#8216;openness&#8217; of our society and &#8216;insights&#8217; to the opposition party or parties. Must be some desperate attempts to change the image of itself. Still, the only time I&#8217;ll read it is when I&#8217;m on a train and the passenger next to me has it open and is reading it and that I&#8217;ve nothing better to look at. Pointless to pay $0.60 daily on insulting local news and forum letters as compared to Today, which is free. However, international news coverage is acceptable but not as good as Google News.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>Now, I think the fact that the <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/happycitizen.blogspot.com/2006/01/police-alerted-students-try-to-sell.html']);"  href="http://happycitizen.blogspot.com/2006/01/police-alerted-students-try-to-sell.html">police gets alerted with students selling white elephant t-shirts</a> is hilarious.</p></p>
