--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/283-Gifts.html
layout: post
title: Gifts
date: 2006-04-02 21:10:57 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/283-Gifts.html
categories: 
- life
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Today&#8217;s healing service was fantastic. Knee pains, back pains, et cetra, all gone within the day; even some who had entered with walking sticks left empty handed. One by one, they came forward to share their testimonial. What a sight to behold, as was the altar call.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The sermon was about <i>the 9 gifts of the Holy Spirit</i>. Something that charismatic and non-charismatic believers may have disagreements over. Nevertheless, it&#8217;s not worth any form of violence. Maybe I&#8217;ll talk about it someday.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>In other news, enterprise was telling me how good <i>V for Vendetta</i> is and how I should not miss the show of the century. He keeps telling me, &#8220;People should not be afraid of their governments. Governments should be afraid of their people.&#8221; I wonder if he&#8217;s trying to drill something into my thick skull, or maybe things has been too obvious lately for me to notice anything.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Sadly, I&#8217;d missed Centerstage due to schedule clashes which cannot be avoided unfortunately. Yet, I hear of interesting live censorship and good acting. Looks like I&#8217;ll need to get my hands on the tapes to see for myself how creative students have become these days. Times have changed. It&#8217;s only in the people-processing programming line do you see so much life that never gets extinguished; a sure place to feel old.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>The imagery of a surrender is beautiful.</p></p>
