--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/293-Pour.html
layout: post
title: Pour
date: 2006-04-18 06:28:00 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/293-Pour.html
categories: 
- life
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Yesterday, school has momentarily increased my stress level to a point where it has reached a red zone, despite all emergency stress release valves being kept fully open.</p>
</p><ul><li>Acceptable IOP Topic</li><li>Telephone Conversation (40 min Literature Presentation)</li><li>Chemistry Lab Report</li><li>ToK Speech Research</li><li>School ended 2 hours late: 6.30pm</li></ul><p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>All work due this morning with attribution to sudden deadlines thanks to miscommunications.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>So, the only solution to regain conscious and cleared thinking, is to sleep off the stress. Failure to do so would result in time being wasted as nothing can get completed. Hence, straight after dinner, I slept.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Waking up at 3am this morning, I finally managed to get my stress level down from the red zone, allowing me to work on my English and Chemistry tasks. Cleared everything before I had to leave for school and thus, I could finally breathe. With stress levels at the green zone, I&#8217;m feeling much happier and ready for school the following day.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>My IOP Topic, Portrayal of Youth, was conjured during class which thankfully got accepted. The problem now is to look for signs of youth within the texts, if any. At least, I have a month to work out the nitty gritty details. What&#8217;s still due is a formal proposal IOP proposal with proposed activity properly drafted and planned, to be submitted before the end of Friday. Divine intervention is once again required. In fact, I&#8217;m quite surprised that I&#8217;d managed to come up with a topic, if at all.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Today&#8217;s rain was certainly a God send. Such intensity and duration, lasting the whole of PE, got PE cancelled. That&#8217;ll allow me to get home less tired allowing me to get more work/entertainment done.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Another startling revelation yesterday that contributed much to my stress tank was that common tests are to be held after the OEP. Looks like the trip overseas is more of a hinderance than educational; I cannot fathom the fact that students are to be kept on their toes, even overseas. In short, I have got no idea how I can do well for any test without studying for them.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>A nastier declaration by my chemistry teacher today was that it took him longer than the allocated time to complete the to-be-conducted-test test paper. What shocked us more was that he could not get full marks for it. That explains the sudden concern for the completion of our tutorials.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>To top it up further, ToK final essay is due on 2nd May, 4 days after student return from their OEP trip.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>On another note, the amount of emails coming into my inbox (excluding other folders) is proportionate to the amount of space Google is adding to each gmail account&#8217;s total mailbox capacity.</p></p>
