--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/447-Boston.html
layout: post
title: Boston
date: 2006-12-29 15:57:00 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/447-Boston.html
categories: 
- life
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>In this second part of my trip to Hong Kong, I&#8217;ll wrap up my last post and jump on to food.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I was last talking about Trams which cost S$0.40 a ride, flat-fee. The tram system transverses the urban areas of Hong Kong length wise. Though they are not fast and are usually crowded, they are very very economical and can save one lots of walking. HK$2 for a few MTR stations vs HK$5.60 is always a steal. Trams are fast during peak hours but lag behind buses during off-peak hours. However, when travelling long distances, it&#8217;s always advisable to travel via buses or trains. There might be more direct routes offered.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The taxis there are reasonably priced, unlike that of in Singapore. There&#8217;s no stupid things such as midnight surcharges which essentially is a dictated cartel monopoly and abuse.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>On major holidays, such as Christmas and New Year&#8217;s Day, most public transport systems (including MTR trains) operate <em>through the night (overnight)</em>. As for Singapore, I have got no idea what transport operators here are up to. Economy growing too fast I guess, need to create inconveniences to slow things down a little. The lousy excuse provided by MRT that trains and tracks must be inspected every night sounds unconvincing. If by skipping one single inspection for continuous operation will affect safety levels, then surely, the system is questionable. If MTR can do it, and so far, I haven&#8217;t seen them crashing due to a lack of a one night maintenance inspection, I have no idea why MRT can&#8217;t.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Maybe it&#8217;s just an issue with mindset.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Now to food, my favourite. There are a few major and non-cheap restaurants that one must check out if dough is available. 稻香 restaurant is a must try. (Maxims too.) It has one of the best reputation and from my experience there, their 点心 is reputed. As for steak, there&#8217;s Boston Steak House which is very good too. There&#8217;s this another (westernised-chinese) restaurant which is classic, 太平官.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>As for budget food, Tea Restaurants, 茶餐厅, serve very good breakfast sets. The 鸳鸯 (coffee, tea and milk harmoniously mixed) is usually known to be very good if the tea house is there long enough (haven&#8217;t closed down). Tea restaurants usually serve western dishes with a chinese taste or style.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Then, on to the semi-fastfood restaurants. Cafe de Coral and Maxims are the two prominent ones, Fairwood is quite rare these days. They serve chinese dishes with a slight western taste, but that&#8217;s largely perspective.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Fastfood wise, MacDonalds is the cheapest in Hong Kong when compared to the world. From this, you can easily see the fierce food competition in the market. It looks as though the food market is saturated, but look again. Hong Kong people have a skill of creating markets.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>One thing anyone must know when you dine in Hong Kong is that there is a price discrimination between peak and off-peak hours. Peak hours are the most expensive and crowded, i.e. Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner. Off-peak hours however, are no less crowded but food items tend to go for half to three-quarter price. Obviously, off-peak hours are non-peak hours, i.e. Brunch, High-Tea and Supper.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Before you enter the restaurant for a seat, always ASK for the high-tea (or whatever) menu. The prices are miles apart and will make food in Hong Kong seem dirt cheap. If there&#8217;s no high-tea menu/prices available, go next door or something. There&#8217;s bound to be a restaurant with such within walking distances.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>Hence, it pays to wake up slightly late, i.e. 10 am, have breakfast at brunch timings (11 am), have lunch at high-tea timings (2.30 pm) and have dinner during supper timings (8.30 pm).</p></p>
