--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/555-Shooow.html
layout: post
title: Shooow
date: 2007-05-25 20:21:00 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/555-Shooow.html
categories: 
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Believe it or not, I went to school today for lessons, or so they claim there will be. The most educational part of school today was the record-breaking 5 minute-short assembly held at class. We had free periods all the way to 12 pm where we were promptly told to clean up the classroom and be dismissed.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Time wasting? No, absolutely not. Classroom bonding time with rounds of Bridge and Badminton, some went for Basketball and Munchkins too.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>What didn&#8217;t occur to me was that today IS the last day of term 2 and that 4 weeks of school &#8216;holidays&#8217;, aka study season, would fly by and we&#8217;ll be back with exciting mid-year examinations. If I were to follow my conventional conventions for examination preparations, I would need to have started studying like last week, but this is special; IB is special, starting since last week isn&#8217;t even enough, even if I were to have done so.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Which means, I&#8217;m in a royally screwed position with a million and two things to do this &#8216;holidays&#8217; and at the same time, still prepare properly for this all-so-important mid-year examinations.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I felt exceptionally sad and resigned today because so many teachers that I know are leaving, leaving those that I don&#8217;t know behind. In fact, as far as I can remember, all the intelligent teachers who taught me in my lower secondary years have all but resigned, for greener pastures and better life styles. Oh, how I miss them.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>With the theory of Natural Selection, only the fittest would survive, but in this case, the fittest in office politics will survive. Competence is secondary, the ability to boot polish and look good to the boss is all that matters.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>It is exceptionally disgusting that people who are to make decisions are incompetent in the field which they have to make decisions in; and they make all the bad ones, without getting fired.</p></p>
