--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/653-Mocks.html
layout: post
title: Mocks
date: 2007-11-16 00:08:00 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/653-Mocks.html
categories: 
- life
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Some time back, I read a couple of blog entries by this guy who is very clever. Apparently, his class was assigned by his Literature teacher to come up with some mock exam questions on a few pieces of set poetry they have been issued and <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/theoneandonlyuncleedna.blogspot.com/2007/09/with-reference.html']);"  href="http://theoneandonlyuncleedna.blogspot.com/2007/09/with-reference.html">here</a>, I quote, is his:-</p>
</p><blockquote><p class="whiteline">With Reference
</p><p class="break">It&#8217;s exam time again, and you know the drill:</p><p class="break">Sit here and be silent and write stuff and chill</p><p class="break">yourself to the bone, but again I digress;</p><p class="break">You&#8217;re reading this only because of your test.</p><p class="break">This question&#8217;s &#8216;bout poems, about words in a verse,</p><p class="break">Of which structure and meaning can be so diverse.</p><p class="break">There&#8217;s sonnets and ballads and of course limerick,</p><p class="break">Some read for pages; some others quite quick.</p><p class="break">It goes without saying, you&#8217;ve already guessed,</p><p class="break">What your answer to this must surely address.</p><p class="break">Comment on the structure, or on the rhyme</p><p class="break">of the poem in your essay, if you&#8217;ve got the time.</p><p class="break">Content&#8217;s up to you, rebutt if you must,</p><p class="break">But from two or three of your poems: Discuss.</p></blockquote><p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Nice right? Then, <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/theoneandonlyuncleedna.blogspot.com/2007/09/in-response.html']);"  href="http://theoneandonlyuncleedna.blogspot.com/2007/09/in-response.html">here&#8217;s</a> his response to the question, I quote:-</p>
</p><blockquote><p class="whiteline">In Response
</p><p class="break">It’s exam time again, and unfortunately,</p><p class="break">I’ve got to do this exam, by decree.</p><p class="break">I really don’t want to, I have to confess;</p><p class="break">Let’s just get this done so I can go for recess.</p><p class="break">In the spirit of fun, I’ll stick to the style</p><p class="break">Of the question in question, so that it’ll bring a smile</p><p class="break">To the unfortunate soul who is marking this script</p><p class="whiteline">Since grading this paper will sure make you flip.
</p><p class="break">A look at the poem and it’s easy to see</p><p class="break">That the poet’s intent was to make it funny</p><p class="break">Through the structure and rhyme! And this essay</p><p class="whiteline">Will attempt to show how the humour is conveyed.
</p><p class="break">Firstly for structure, it’s clearly a sonnet;</p><p class="break">Let’s just keep moving on; don’t keep bees in your bonnet.</p><p class="break">Although that was obvious, the purpose is not</p><p class="break">‘Cos sonnets are mostly in love songs a lot.</p><p class="break">And this is no ballad, no sweet courtship song</p><p class="break">If we’re talking ‘bout genre, this style is all wrong.</p><p class="break">But if I could make an intelligent guess,</p><p class="break">The content and diction would seem to suggest</p><p class="break">That the poet was aiming to juxtapose</p><p class="break">A question ‘bout poems not written in prose</p><p class="break">With the rest of the questions; but that’s one aspect;</p><p class="break">The other: that this poem seems to reflect</p><p class="break">That sometimes the structure is inconsequential</p><p class="break">It’s more likely the content would be more essential.</p><p class="break">And I’m sure you’ll agree that this is the case:</p><p class="whiteline">The structure was something that just fell into place.
</p><p class="break">Now talking ‘bout rhyme; the poem, in fact;</p><p class="break">The rhymin’ and timin’ would seem to attract</p><p class="break">More readers, more students, to give an attempt</p><p class="break">To answer the question with a bit less contempt.</p><p class="break">That’s one of the uses; the other is thus:</p><p class="break">The rhythmic verses makes humour a plus.</p><p class="break">The rhyme scheme and rhythm can be said to produce</p><p class="break">An effect on the poem not unlike Dr. Seuss.</p><p class="break">The singsong-ish voice, the unserious tone</p><p class="break">Only serves to make the content more shown</p><p class="break">In a humourous way, and that makes you laugh</p><p class="break">Even if it didn’t, it sure was enough.</p><p class="break">For the whole satirical effect to come through</p><p class="break">Don’t think too deeply; no meanings construe.</p><p class="break">That poem and this were written for fun</p><p class="whiteline">Which exams obscure and destroy all in one.
</p><p class="break">Thus in conclusion, this essay is moot:</p><p class="break">Both poems have no real meaning to boot.</p><p class="break">The exam will be over when I put down this pen</p><p class="break">So when I do: Let the party begin.</p></blockquote><p>
</p><p class="break"><p>Impressive, don&#8217;t you think so? Seriously, I wonder what will an examiner do when (s)he sees a script which employs poetry, rather than prose, as a response.</p></p>
