--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/545-Cool.html
layout: post
title: Cool
date: 2007-05-13 23:09:00 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/545-Cool.html
categories: 
- life
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>In Hong Kong, there is civic mindedness despite the pace of life and people who go against &#8216;public good&#8217; is almost always frowned upon. This includes wearing a mask when you&#8217;ve got a flu or cold, not smoking within non-smoking areas, standing to the right of escalators so that people in a rush can pass (not limited to subway stations), and more.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Here&#8217;s quite an interesting scene on a public bus in Hong Kong. It&#8217;s in cantonese, but I&#8217;m too busy to post subtitles. Well, just hang on for subs to be released in due time on youtube.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p><object width="425" height="350"><param name="movie" value="http://www.youtube.com/v/v0vwAcE7Rd0"></param><param name="wmode" value="transparent"></param><embed src="http://www.youtube.com/v/v0vwAcE7Rd0" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" wmode="transparent" width="425" height="350"></embed></object></p><p class="whiteline">In a gist, the video depicts a young man who refused to remove his belongings from an adjacent vacant seat for the 82 year old man to sit despite being requested to do so, by both the elderly man and fellow commuters. In the end, ironically, the young man called the police because the bus driver refused to drive. The most commendable thing is that the whole bus is behind the old man in claiming his right to have a seat, as heard from comments from fellow commuters such as &#8220;I&#8217;m not in a rush&#8221;, &#8220;totally unreasonable&#8221;, and the most impressive &#8220;I won&#8217;t allow the bus driver to drive off even if he wants to&#8221;. It ended when the police requested the young man for an interview, off the bus.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>This whole ordeal happened with the bus stationary and having everyone wait and watch.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>The sad thing about Singapore is that not many will stand up for the rights of others, especially those in need. It&#8217;s one thing (though not honourable) to not give up your seat to those who need it more that you do, but it&#8217;s a totally different league when one takes up <em>two</em> seats and refuse to give one up to those who need it more than one&#8217;s belongings does when requested to do so. Personally, I have witnessed one such case on Singapore buses; nobody bothered to apply social pressure on the inconsiderate person to remove the person&#8217;s belongings from the adjacent seat to allow another commuter to sit. The excuse the person gave was that &#8220;the food was hot&#8221;.</p></p>
