--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/586-Structural-Unemployment.html
layout: post
title: Structural Unemployment
date: 2007-07-25 20:44:39 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/586-Structural-Unemployment.html
categories: 
- life
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Today in Business &amp; Management class, my teacher talked about the economics side of the world of Finance and we came to this concept of <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Structural_unemployment']);"  href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Structural_unemployment">structural unemployment</a>. Bingo! That&#8217;s the answer to what I&#8217;ve been looking for – a precise term for what the education system is.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I&#8217;ve come to a conclusion that the education system is an invention by the governments of time to solve the problem of structural unemployment caused by moving from a primary (agriculture, etc) to secondary (manufacturing, etc) economy. That is to discipline people to be mindless robots and very capable of rote learning, so as to fill the needs of a huge manufacturing sector. Manufacturing jobs before the advent of technology are just mindless repetitions, but even with technology, it&#8217;s still a mindless repetitive job requiring less labour and more skill.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Then the Berlin wall came down and the rise of the mysterious thing called internet, also know as the Information Age. It revolutionised the economy just like the way industrialists did during the agrarian age. However, there&#8217;s a slight difference. People undergoing the primary to secondary economic sector transition then had a clean mindset of freedom and creativity as they essentially run businesses and have to survive in a somewhat perfect competition market – they all sell grain, or they all sell cotton. To survive, they either had to produce more or just enough to feed their expenses. As for this secondary to tertiary transition, it&#8217;s more deadly for the &#8216;workforce&#8217;. Technology will replace labour in larger and larger numbers and labour required in the tertiary economy would require even more skills. It&#8217;s back to the beginning without a lot more people &#8216;not-useful&#8217;, which will help push down wages. Getting rich by working is barely possible, and will almost certainly take a very long time (short of striking lottery).</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>That aside, the pace of this interconnected world, thanks to technology, would move even faster and things can be done at greater speeds than before. The downside is that keeping up with changing technologies so as to stay relevant and employable will be an uphill task and tend to become impractical.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The solutions sadly, are never taught in the official school curriculum, making education less and less relevant in this globalised society. If things don&#8217;t change for the better soon enough, a whole new generation of people are going to be quite lost when they graduate, assuming the lack of self-directed learning. The tried and tested method, &#8220;study, get excellent grades, find a high-paying job,&#8221; is totally out-dated and following it blindly is in fact getting dangerous.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Ironically, this desperate hold over the old outdated paradigm contributes rather largely to the widening income gap in most capitalist economies, fuelling this self-fufiling prophecy, &#8220;the rich gets richer, the poor gets poorer&#8221;.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>But of course, my opinions are just a tip of the ice-berg and I can imagine papers upon papers about this topic in your nearest and friendliest library, Google.</p></p>
