--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/540-Swoosh.html
layout: post
title: Swoosh
date: 2007-05-05 23:27:00 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/540-Swoosh.html
categories: 
- life
- Movies
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>This day, I watched 2 movies. The first, Spiderman 3, and followed by <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thirteen_Days_%28film%29']);"  href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thirteen_Days_%28film%29">13 days</a>.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>After watching Spiderman 3, I&#8217;ve come to realise that my movie expectations and demands have changed radically since the likes of Matrix Revolutions (the third sequel). Although Spiderman 3 isn&#8217;t bad, but I findt a tad predictable and rather generic. It&#8217;s as though I knew the ending and how every character would develop, leaving no room for surprises. It&#8217;s worst when there isn&#8217;t any twist in the end, concluding with highly corny scenes.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>However, it did bring me a revelation. Over the past 2 years, I&#8217;ve been travelling on this high speed bullet train, using all my effort and energy concentrating on grabbing hold onto my seat so as to not slide off, stealing only occasional glances out of the window. I have failed to call for a stop nor slow down enough to marvel at the beauty that is just outside the train window. Things that I should treasure as once past, will never be found again.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>In fact, studying is just an excuse or facade for school. Knowledge gained from textbooks and worksheets is actually a by-product of going through this amazing process called school. Studying or academics, I dare say, is not the <em>most</em> important aspect of school life. It&#8217;s only a necessary evil to justify one&#8217;s continual existence within the walls of the institution.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The most important take away from the years of schooling, has got to be <em>the experience</em>. The smell of the flowers, the beauty of the clouds, the lush greenery of the vegetation along the tracks. Within the vegetation lies the undiscovered insects and animals which can only be seen when we stop and take a closer look – the very essence and life of the ecosystem.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>It is the simple pleasures, the little amusements in life, the fellowship with friends, the love of neighbours, and the equal suffering through the idiosyncrasies of school life, which brings the colour to the process called school.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The ingenious puns, the witty remarks, the lame jokes; The <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whose_Line_Is_It_Anyway%3F']);"  href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whose_Line_Is_It_Anyway%3F">Whose Line is it Anyway</a> daily, brings the very joy that school stands for.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>So truly, ask yourself, what is school to you? Is it a place to gain knowledge? Is it a place to have a great game of soccer? Or is it a great place to just buy time?</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>I&#8217;ll make it a point to do things which I could never have done after graduation.</p></p>
