--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/574-Report-Card.html
layout: post
title: Report Card
date: 2007-07-03 11:55:42 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/574-Report-Card.html
categories: 
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>The most amusing and impactful thing I&#8217;ve read so far is that &#8220;Bankers don&#8217;t ask to see your grades; they want your financial statements&#8221;. Then, I thought, if financial statements are the report card of life, then why isn&#8217;t anything about it taught in school and during curricular hours since almost 50 years of your lives will depend on it.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>This then confirms what true education is all about – self-discovery and learning. The teacher will never be there forever to sustain your learning. Motivation has to come from within and is generated via goals and plans, together with various mind-hacking techniques.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>As I approach the threshold of my life (unfortunately taken-up by National Service), I must make a very clear and definite macro decision on how my life is to turn out to be because there are no longer textbooks, school rules nor curriculum to follow.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Before it is too late and while I still have time to think on my seat (and not feet yet), I&#8217;ve decided to think far far ahead and visualise the type of lifestyle which I would envision to live. After all, day-dreaming is the first step into the future.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Given my intense curiosity of this world, what better way to appreciate it than to be able to enjoy and observe and learn it all over. To have time to go travelling, sight-seeing and life-long learning, I need to be financially free and independent before I reach 50 years of age. Obviously, financial freedom would mean being wealthy (measured in time), and that, shall be my goal, hopefully attainable by the age of 40.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>But how?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>By simply looking around, working for somebody, paycheck after paycheck will certainly not be a good way to be wealthy. In fact, that might just get me addicted to working for money, and since money is just a concept and keeps devaluating (<a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gresham']);"  href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gresham's_Law">Gresham&#8217;s Law</a>), getting addicted to working for something that turns out to nothing (eventually) sounds like a dangerous idea to me. Furthermore, the taxation on paycheck incomes look the highest around (as far as I can tell), there must thus be an alternative method to gaining cash – Investments and Business Systems.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>However, there&#8217;s another thing that is worth more than money itself and that is time itself. Every minute and every second must be spent wisely, either contributing directly to your goals or indirectly by enhancing experiences or skills so as to allow other pieces of knowledge to be gain, contributing to the goals set.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Before I chose my subjects in the IBDP, I did thought of this 2 years of education, though I didn&#8217;t have a clear idea of what I want to do after graduation as my plans then were completely revamped and reworked. Still, I stuck to the basics – what should I learn that will allow me to apply what I&#8217;ve learnt immediately so that my time spent in this period of education cannot be wasted and at the same time, position myself in a way acceptable to universities that offer the major which I am to decide to read at a later date.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>This is the reason why I took Business &amp; Management over economics. Thus far, the Business &amp; Management course has taught me what the various types of business are (together with the legal implications), how to read accounts and balance sheets (aka financial statements), and most importantly, how to use ratios which can be applied to values found in financial statements to gauge the health of any businesses.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>This gives me a way to start reading and understanding annual reports that companies mail my father to announce (or hide) their financial performances. With more practice, I would be able to do it intuitively and quickly, understanding the health of any company that I&#8217;m curious about.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Meanwhile, for the rest of these 4 months in school, I must attempt to achieve 41 points for my diploma so that I can get into Actuarial Science as this should help me quantitatively measure risk. If not, I&#8217;ll go for accounting and/or business administration. With my free time, I shall continue reading books on investment that gives me new perspectives to money that lie around.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Hopefully during my stint in National Service, I would get either a desk job, OCS, or nothing. A 9 to 5 job allows me to continue studying at night, especially on topics such as economics, accounting, and law. If I get into OCS, I would focus on casually understanding economics and get whatever I can get out of the experience in OCS. If not, I&#8217;ll just be the slackest possible and find ways to learn a subset of what I could with a desk job.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>By the end of my two years of slavery, I&#8217;ll need to have at least understood things found in the IBDP economics textbook, corporate and contract law, and have learnt how to drive. In addition, a financial plan up to and for retirement would need to be created.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>What if things change?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Being Singapore and the government&#8217;s stance on National Slavery, I&#8217;m very sure I&#8217;ll have at least two years to learn what school didn&#8217;t teach me as much as possible, which should give me an educated and calculated response on which citizenship to accept when I turn 22 years old.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>So now, I&#8217;ve got my goal set and plan for achieving it written. Have you? Remember, 一寸光陰一寸金，寸金難買寸光陰 – time is money and money can&#8217;t buy time.</p></p>
