--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/502-TCM.html
layout: post
title: TCM
date: 2007-03-21 00:31:00 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/502-TCM.html
categories: 
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p><a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_medicine']);"  href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_medicine">Traditional Chinese Medicine</a> is something which I have great respect for. Though many claim that it&#8217;s voodoo magic, I beg to differ. It&#8217;s a 3000 year long, comprehensive study of symptoms and observations, albeit lacking in scientific methods. Fortunately, it is changing with advances in technology and greater cooperation with western medicine.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>My first official and proper encounter with TCM with great emphasis was in a Hospital in Beijing. The doctors there combine both western medicine and chinese medicine holistically to diagnose and cure diseases. Generally, western medicine to treat symptoms and chinese medicine to correct imbalances of the system. This hybridisation is especially useful for more effective treatment.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>What fascinates me the most is the skill of pulse reading. This seemingly simple technique of feeling pulses of both hands is a major under representation of techniques involved and results gained. From the way the pulse is portrayed, the health and condition of all major organic systems are represented. Coupled with the other diagnosis investigation methods, a person&#8217;s health can be seen.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The second most amazing thing is the way plants, herbs, and animals, when used in the correct combination, would bring healing and balance to the body.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Thanks to my Cantonese heritage, my mother brews soup daily for every meal, with varying herbs helps in &#8216;cooling&#8217;. My family has a background of heatiness, and soup tend to help prevent too much of it. Too much of it will result in either a nose-bleed, fever, soar throat, or something to that effect.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>I hope one day, I would be able to learn the combinations of chinese herbs which produces different effects on the body when consumed with soup.</p></p>
