--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/526-School-Saucks.html
layout: post
title: School Saucks
date: 2007-04-16 21:21:08 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/526-School-Saucks.html
categories: 
- life
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>$10 for 4. Let&#8217;s say the cost is $1 each, the company would have made a profit of $6, 150% profit. Assuming 2300 purchases, it would be a revenue of $23000 with $13800 profit. I have to admit, it&#8217;s a very good way to inject liquid capital into the cash flow without an IPO nor an overdraw from a bank.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>100% of the people whom I have talked to thought that the socks look ugly. 100% of them think that the reason given for the roll out of unified socks is not as advertised, but more sinister motives are behind it. Another thing that impressed me greatly is the idea that a one-size-fit-all solution works for feet sizes ranging from 13 to 18 year olds.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Another thing which I&#8217;m glad is that the uniform was designed by people long before our time. Their great choice of colour and vision for fashion has never failed to amaze me. They were so good that until now, none of the uniform related revisions has been anywhere close to satisfactory, not to mention acceptable, to the public at large. The visionaries successfully instilled in us an eye for excellence and beauty that I&#8217;m sad that not all people have.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Well, on a happier note, the Rugby B Division has done the great thing – reclaiming the victory that has been lost for 3 years straight.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>On a side note, the usage of money by the organisation has been more than disappointing. Not sure if stupidity is the right word though.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I&#8217;ve heard that the auditorium and the spankingly expensive and new CPA has very very poor acoustics, too poor for the amount of money spent. If the auditorium has poor acoustics, I understand. But for the CPA? It is the centre for performing arts after all, not for theatre arts only. Not only was the acoustics bad, it has a very poor design. There&#8217;s no place for the sound console to be placed in the stall. I&#8217;m under the impression that the place is designed without any proper consultation with people who know what is necessary.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>All air-conditioning enclosed areas <em>lack</em> active ventilation. That includes the Science Laboratories. Imagine doing organic practicals there with no proper ventilation. One will be sniffing in all the toxic gasses all the time. Another shocking thing is that there is only <em>one</em> fume cupboard when it is so important in organic related experiments. Imagine 25 people crowding in front of ONE fume cupboard to access ALL the chemicals necessary for the practical. I have to say, the new laboratories are worst than the old ones in terms of design.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Furthermore, I&#8217;ve heard that the IT infrastructure is completely incompetently designed. In short, people who needed to be consulted were not – LAN rooms designed with 1994 situations in mind.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The new lecture theatres are as primitive as those constructed 14 years ago in terms of design. In fact, I&#8217;m under the impression that non-educators and non-lecturers designed, without proper consultation, the horrible LTs. New lecture theatres allow lights to be switched on without compromising projector display quality due to the way the lights above the screen are reflected and projected. The shape of the LT leaves much to be desired.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The only thing I find acceptable is the automatic taps found in the toilets, not that the toilets were any better than those in the old campus.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>What about rainy days? A fully sheltered walkway has been missing for the last <em>two whole years</em>.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>In fact, to have a brand new school campus constructed with designs as old or worst than that of the old school campus speaks volumes about the competence of the designers, administrators and possibly the dynamics of the organisation as a whole. Unless you mean the administrators have no part in the construction of the new campus, <em>gasp</em>.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>When walking around the old campus, I feel exceptionally sad and disappointed. S$40 million is not a small sum of money to be spent so poorly. The old campus show signs of thought, love and proper consultation. I even remember my secondary one geography teacher talking about the rational of certain design elements in the old campus. Rooms are strategically placed and can be considered extremely enlightened in terms of design. Imagine having assembly right outside the classroom along the corridor. How innovative and efficient can it ever get?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Now, in the new campus, I have yet to hear a single inch of praise. From the font to the colour scheme, eagles to classrooms, almost everything has been done &#8216;wrong&#8217;.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Sadness and disappointment. Looks like we, or before long, they, will be heading that way.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>And now, instead of better spending money to fix the severe problems (they are too exhaustive to list, but e.g., shelter) or giving more paper for teachers to print notes on, a <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/asdfzxcv.wordpress.com/2007/04/13/monorail/']);"  href="http://asdfzxcv.wordpress.com/2007/04/13/monorail/">new golf buggy</a> was purchased. Brilliant isn&#8217;t it?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Oh I know, it&#8217;s for the yet-to-be-disclosed private golf course!</p>
</p><p class="break"><p><a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary_I_of_Scotland']);"  href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary_I_of_Scotland">Queen Mary I of Scotland</a> is quite interesting.</p></p>
