--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/659-Ethereal.html
layout: post
title: Ethereal
date: 2007-12-06 19:00:19 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/659-Ethereal.html
categories: 
- life
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>A week or so ago, I met up with members of the &#8216;NS Escapees Club&#8217; at a Cafe in Hong Kong. It was quite interesting, sharing live experiences on how to beat the system. Taking opportunity costs into account, the money needed to be spent while relocating could be well worth it. Thinking back, I seem to be a royal idiot for not accepting their invitation to join the club. I have all I needed to do so, only short of cash flow.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>That aside, I&#8217;m back in Singapore, busy tying up loose ends, and preparing for a competition this Saturday. People have asked what the &#8216;Hong Kong withdrawal syndrome&#8217; (HKWS) entail. Well, the HKWS is commonly experienced by native Hong Kong-ers returning to their respective countries.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The first effect is the feeling that everything moves very slowly, as if the person&#8217;s stuck in a slow motion dream. Busses travel at half-speed. People ostensibly block paths, escalators, and train doors, slowing traffic movements without any remorse.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The second effect felt by the person would be that all food seems inconveniently inaccessible, far, expensive, and not-delicious-enough.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The third effect is the loss for places to shop and hang out. The person would find that shops close ridiculously early and late-night shopping is impossible and does not exist. In Singapore, the person has to make his way home by 11 pm as all shops would have been closed by then and the public transport system is shutting down. City becomes dead after 12 am.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The forth effect is the frustration over the public transportation system. In Singapore, there is no bus that brings you anywhere popular within 1 bus change and/or 45 minutes, whichever is earlier. Furthermore, Taxis here have a vast array of surcharges imposed by economists without business knowledge, resulting in artificially induced shortages. Solution being to eradicate all surcharges, allowing only ERP, $1 booking charge, and a new $1 per baggage (excludes wheelchairs and prams) carried in boot charge. An even better solution would be to remove all Taxi companies, shift taxi licensing to the LTA or Ministry of Transport, and offer taxis for sale, not rent.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>That approximately sums up the syndrome.</p></p>
