--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/579-Kicks.html
layout: post
title: Kicks?
date: 2007-07-12 01:20:07 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/579-Kicks.html
categories: 
- life
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Apparently, this guy is on the blogosphere news, <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/tomorrow.sg/archives/2007/07/11/pms_sons_army_gaffe_and_why_we_h.html']);"  href="http://tomorrow.sg/archives/2007/07/11/pms_sons_army_gaffe_and_why_we_h.html">again</a>. What puzzles me greatly is what people are complaining about.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The (incomplete) story in short is that there&#8217;s this 2LT who &#8216;fired off an e-mail within the military network lambasting the &#8220;quality of leadership&#8221; in the SAF to the top brass, including the Minister of Defence and the Chief of Defence Force&#8217; and &#8220;He had done it after being punished for an error that was largely not his&#8221;.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Ok. Case cleared, he emailed big shots after being punished for an error largely not his.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>However, that&#8217;s not the main point I want to bring up. The main point which raised both of my eyebrows was that people in the blogosphere condemns him for doing such a thing, and are extremely unhappy about the fact that he didn&#8217;t get punished for complaining.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The highly amusing point was not about the things he&#8217;d complained about (which I usually agree with, here&#8217;s an <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/forums.hardwarezone.com/showpost.php?p=24578239&amp;amp;postcount=303']);"  href="http://forums.hardwarezone.com/showpost.php?p=24578239&amp;postcount=303">opinion</a>), but over his actions, which can be beneficial to everyone in the lower ranks of the system. And here, for speaking up, he gets condemned. Subordination is really an excuse for incompetence. If your superiors are competent, any complaints brought up to that level will be solvable. It&#8217;s only otherwise that one has to resort to other more drastic means.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>This thus reminds me of Mr Wang&#8217;s <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/mrwangsaysso.blogspot.com/2007/05/why-mr-wang-upsets-people.html']);"  href="http://mrwangsaysso.blogspot.com/2007/05/why-mr-wang-upsets-people.html">post</a> on the majority of people in the world (<a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/keirsey.com/personality/sj.html']);"  href="http://keirsey.com/personality/sj.html">guardians</a>) having a particular personality, and especially in Singapore, that refuses any form of changes to any system, regardless of the inefficiencies and deficiencies.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>I&#8217;m also guessing that&#8217;s why the education system or any other for that matter can never be changed completely and properly for good. At best, improvements are just bolt-ons, band-aids.</p></p>
