--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/520-Quotes.html
layout: post
title: Quotes
date: 2007-04-10 21:46:30 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/520-Quotes.html
categories: 
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Over the past few weeks, I&#8217;ve picked up a few rather laughable quotes.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The first, was mentioned during a physics lesson where we were to come up with an experimental procedure concerning muffin cups, i.e. &#8216;investigate a factor that affects a falling muffin cup&#8217;.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>So someone suggested, &#8220;How do you measure the cup size of muffins?&#8221;.</p><p class="break">Tremendous laughter broke out.</p><p class="break">The reply, &#8220;By the size of the muffins&#8221;.</p><p class="whiteline">Further laughter broke out.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>The second, was during a lesson.</p><p class="break">A student asked, &#8220;sir, why doesn&#8217;t your laptop have a trackpad?&#8221;</p><p class="break">Teacher responded, &#8220;There&#8217;s no need for a trackpad for you to molest; there&#8217;s a nipple for you to fondle&#8221;.</p><p class="whiteline">At that, there was tremendous laughter. I guess, IBM thinkpads are really the most frequently abused laptops around.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>The third was during a chemistry lesson where the teacher was suggesting ways for us to remember this concept: Reduction takes place at the Cathode OR Oxidation takes place at the anode. We were to only choose one, either the former or the latter, not both.</p><p class="break">&#8220;To remember that reduction takes place at the cathode, just remember the letters RC – Roman Catholic&#8221;.</p><p class="whiteline">Then, there was some comment about a hurricane and the whole class burst out into great laughter once again.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>Speaking of hurricanes, travellers usually detour or change their course to avoid direct contact with it to prevent physical irrecoverable damage. This is why, pilots ensure additional landing airports with sufficient fuel in their flight plans. Likewise whenever we travel, we must always have alternative routes mentally prepared.</p></p>
