--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/610-Next-War.html
layout: post
title: Next War?
date: 2007-09-11 00:46:00 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/610-Next-War.html
categories: 
- life
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>I have been wondering, how the next next world war would be like. Would it be one of a massive trade of nuclear missiles? Or one with a massive trashing of currency? And then, it occurred to me.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>No.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I pondered over my hazy conclusion to measure its absurdity with reason. Nope, totally unreasonable, but impossible? Im-possible? Possible without the Im? Possible through things which I haven&#8217;t understood?</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The idea of a spiritual war, is what occurred to me. I think the spiritual world shares much similarities to our natural one, where events or actions occurring in one or the other can affect each other, positively or negatively. Of course, not knowing enough, I decided to consult the guidebook of life. I was immediately reminded about Rev 16:15, a verse regarding the guarding of garments when the time comes. Apart from spiritual clothes in Col 3:12, there&#8217;s another in Eph 6:11 which talks about clothes, but this time, armour, battle amour. Reading the area around for the context, it looked quite interesting. I&#8217;ll reproduce it below:-</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Eph 6:10-18 (KJV)</p>
</p><blockquote><p class="whiteline"><sup>10</sup>Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of his might. <sup>11</sup>Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand <em>against the wiles of the devil</em>.
</p><p class="whiteline"><sup>12</sup>For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, <em>but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places</em>. <sup>13</sup>Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to <em>withstand in the evil day</em>, and having done all, to stand.
</p><p class="break"><sup>14</sup>Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness; <sup>15</sup>And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace; <sup>16</sup>Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked. <sup>17</sup>And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God: <sup>18</sup>Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints;</p></blockquote><p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Emphasis mine.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>Hmm, the battle is already started but I believe it&#8217;ll intensify; intensity to a state where the natural world becomes more affected than before. Don&#8217;t just wait and see, at least be prepared.</p></p>
