--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/583-Splat.html
layout: post
title: Splat
date: 2007-07-20 18:15:51 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/583-Splat.html
categories: 
- life
- school
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>On my way home today, I was faced with a muffled announcement while I was waiting for a train at the platform towards the east, with a train stopped (or parked) in the opposite platform, with doors open and filled with people. A quick rough hearing said that there will be a service disruption for 10 minutes. To clarify, I decided to ask people around me, but to my surprise, none of them bothered to comprehend the announcement and continued standing along the platform.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Thinking that it might possibly be a technical problem, I decided to continue waiting since I had company with a friend, but minutes and seconds ticked by with the Passenger Display still showing 2 minutes to the next train arrival for the past 15 minutes, a second announcement came. The train in the opposite platform moved off. A second train in the opposite platform stopped and waited...but moved off too after a 3 minute wait.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Now that we&#8217;ve been waiting for the past 20 minutes, with boiling blood aided by the hot weather, something must be wrong. It wasn&#8217;t a nightmare as I wasn&#8217;t in &#8216;autopilot&#8217; mode and we decided to go down to get a cab. Looking at it, with no announcement nor advice nor decent comprehendible information, it&#8217;s a big trap to continue waiting. After all, I&#8217;m guessing that announcement is just going to be just a &#8216;service disruption&#8217;.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>At the gates, there is a huge crowd of people seeking refunds, questioning the station controller, and generally dissatisfied. Personally, I was pretty pissed with the SOP in handling such situations where people are still kept in the dark and continued wasting precious time waiting at the platform. No shuttle bus, no advice (nor information), just simply a street smarts test.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Off we went, for a cab home.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>I&#8217;m so tempted to blast a letter to them, but I guess I won&#8217;t get any decent response; nor decent compensation given that the cost of travel is waived. SMRT&#8217;s SOP for such incidents is extremely poor, given their experience.</p></p>
