--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/568-CashFlow.html
layout: post
title: CashFlow
date: 2007-06-24 00:45:12 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/568-CashFlow.html
categories: 
- life
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>As I read the series of books by <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Kiyosaki']);"  href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Kiyosaki">Robert T. Kiyosaki</a>, I have come to understand something that is pretty amazing that matches my observations. Most (as I&#8217;ve not seen all) of the extremely wealthy people in my church have these things in common.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>First, they are extremely hardworking and on average clock in 16 hour work days. Second, they are extremely generous in their donations.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>These two observations taught me many things about the game of economics. Though the people are extremely hardworking and work long hours, they aren&#8217;t working directly for their pay-check. Instead,  they work on ways to further increase their passive and non-direct income, usually via investments or business systems building, making money work from them, which in turn will make them even richer, whether they work or not (in their business).</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Their generosity (in the millions) shows two things. Either they are really generous and/or that they understand the concept of money and are not enslaved or addicted to it.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The cool thing is that the education system is made in such a way to condition products to think about &#8216;finding a job&#8217; after graduation to work <em>for</em> money. They say that this regimental system came from Prussia when they needed disciplined products to sustain their armies.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Like they say, poverty is a mindset; being wealthy should by extension be a mindset too.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>These concepts are pretty interesting, but of course, this post is too slip shod to mean anything. I need a few free days to think about it. After all in the words of Henry Ford, &#8220;Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it&#8221;.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>That aside, here&#8217;s a <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/www.peace.ca/manifestoagainstconscription.htm']);"  href="http://www.peace.ca/manifestoagainstconscription.htm">manifesto</a> that even Albert Einstein signed.</p></p>
