--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/687-Work.html
layout: post
title: Work
date: 2008-07-29 20:54:15 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/687-Work.html
categories: 
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Having been in my current organisation for the past 6 months, I can almost safely say that the word army is synonymous with stupidity. Contradicting examples to my above statement is certainly an exception rather than the rule.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Most importantly, the people that it attracts and retains are naturally pre-filtered. There are only certain types of people who would take up a job in the armed forces; it is usually because of money, and/or education (or the lack thereof). Variations to the extent of &#8216;serving one&#8217;s country&#8217; and &#8216;passion&#8217; is hardly believable nor plausible.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Moreover, almost 80% of the human resource in my organisation is aged between 16 years old to 22 years old. Believe it or not, no matter how &#8216;efficient&#8217; or &#8216;capable&#8217; the armed forces is in protecting the country or managing certain events, you must marvel that the whole &#8216;active&#8217; system is staffed by adolescents in the bottom three-quarters of rank! and some full-time regulars as a few supervisors in the higher hierarchy.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>As such, I find their operational ideals ridiculous and efficiency reminiscent of communism and slave labour. Anyhow, this, I have to admit, is the best form of mental imprisonment and degradation of youths in their prime ages.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Case in point – my English standard has never been this low nor has my thought processes been this slow before.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>The bottom line is that I hope to finish up this year and a half wasteful stint with license to drive and skills to sail. An added bonus would be an <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Association_of_Chartered_Certified_Accountants']);"  href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Association_of_Chartered_Certified_Accountants">ACCA</a>.</p></p>
