--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/680-Null-OOC.html
layout: post
title: Null OOC
date: 2008-07-11 17:13:00 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/680-Null-OOC.html
categories: 
- life
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Four weeks have past since I became an OOC and life for the past four weeks had been entertaining, eventful, and educational; in fact, I could say that it&#8217;s a life-time worth of work experience which I could never have found elsewhere. As what they always say, NS is only a waste of time to those who think it is. I propose an amendment: NS is only a waste of time to those who think it is and don&#8217;t persist in doing something about it.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>I found ASLC to be a royal waste of time, doing things which has no effect on anything and learning nothing that I can apply in my work in future. Most importantly, the dispersal plan after graduation from the course is largely towards a place in <a onclick="_gaq.push(['_trackPageview', '/extlink/en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singapore_Guards']);"  href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singapore_Guards">Guards</a>. It is a major turn off and a severe disincentive to persevere through the course. After all, when the chevrons come, so do the shit (that hits the fan).</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>My last four weeks have brought me to over 8 different attachments, where an attachment is a short stint (a day long) working with someone outside my company, doing something (possibly totally) unrelated to what I usually do. I got to experience stuff like manning the pass office, COS, ammunition party, clerical work, handy man assistant, ushering, sport day event official, JCC course selection assistants, and more that I can&#8217;t remember.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Then on the last day of my forth week, where my whole company is having their off-in-lieu, I received a call from the COS that my posting order is ready for collection and I have to be back that day to do so, together with my stuff. In order words, I had to move out in 12 hours. Brilliant!, doing out-processing when no-one is around.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Amusingly, 3 out of the 4 of us OOCs got posted out at the same time. I wonder how the office would function on Monday where the week-long outfield begins. Sadly, I didn&#8217;t even have the opportunity to bid everyone goodbye when I returned my camp pass.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Liberation!</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>In all, I&#8217;d found my last four weeks as an OOC the defining moment of my NS life thus far, having the most myriad of experiences and yet allowed to wake up for breakfast at 7 am every morning.</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>Staying out, here I come.</p></p>
