--- 
permalink: /blog/archives/678-Chokes.html
layout: post
title: Chokes
date: 2008-06-15 14:18:57 +08:00
s9y_link: http://www.iphoting.com/blog/archives/678-Chokes.html
categories: 
- life
- school
- thoughts
---
<p class="whiteline"><p>Having been really busy these days, I hardly have time to check emails in accounts which I rarely use. Lately, someone pointed out that there&#8217;s an email in the school issued email account (where its interface quite resembles Hotmail 1.0). Albeit the insincerity, it talks about &#8216;Univerisity offers and Response to questionnaires&#8217;.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>Basically, it&#8217;s a survey to find a correlation between the IBDP result and university offers. That&#8217;s the boring part.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>The more exciting part is a polite advertisement for a survey going around regarding &#8220;the implementation of the IB programme&#8221;. Although the email claims that &#8220;official approval&#8221; is required for such surveys to be conducted, I think otherwise. Having it &#8216;officially approved&#8217; in the first place would introduce bias into the questions, creating an observer effect, which can induce negative outcomes to the results. Moreover, I find it absurd that we were told &#8220;not to respond to this survey&#8221;, to announce our names to them, and to retract our responses from the researcher if we had done so. After all, we are no longer under the jurisdiction of the school and they are pushing it by telling us what we cannot do even <em>after we have graduated</em>.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>What they have effectively done is to tell the whole world to stop imagining a <em>pink floating elephant</em> in front of them. By the tone of the last paragraph, it sounds as if the implementation of the programme is extremely shameful and would raise serious consequences if let known by researchers and the public.</p>
</p><p class="whiteline"><p>做賊心虛</p>
</p><p class="break"><p>Sadly, the deadline for survey submissions is up. Otherwise, I will do them the favour by pointing you to the survey.</p></p>
